   #alternate alternate

   IFRAME:
   https://8459850.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=8459850;type=arkea;ca
   t=arkea0;dc_lat=;dc_rdid=;tag_for_child_directed_treatment=;ord=1?

   En continuant à naviguer sur ce site, vous acceptez l'utilisation de
   cookies afin d'améliorer votre navigation, et nous permettre de
   réaliser des statistiques de visites. Pour en savoir plus, cliquez sur
   le lien.
   OK
   Crédit Mutuel ARKEA

   Welcome to ARKEA's website
     * fr
     * en

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * About us

        History

        Strategy

        Key Figures

        Governance

        Compliance

        Corporate communication

     * Our businesses

        The bank for individuals and sole proprietorships

        The bank for companies and institutions

        Insurance, asset management and real estate consulting

        Business to business (BtoB) activities

        Non-banking activities

     * Our commitments

        Social Responsibility strategy

        Actualités RSE

        Philanthropy and partnerships

        Our solidarity associations

     * About us
          + History
          + Key Figures
          + Governance
               o Board of directors
               o Specialized committees
               o President of the local branches
          + Strategy
          + Compliance
               o Informations clients de la salle des marchés
               o Sécurité financière
               o Protection des intérêts des clients
               o Déontologie
               o Transparence fiscale
          + Corporate communication
     * Our businesses
          + The bank for individuals and sole proprietorships
               o CMB
               o CMSO
               o CMMC
               o Fortuneo Banque
               o Financo
               o CFCAL
               o Leetchi
               o Keytrade Bank
               o Arkéa Banque Privée
               o Pumpkin
               o Max
          + The bank for companies and institutions
               o Arkéa Crédit Bail
               o Arkéa Banque E&I
               o Private equity activities
               o Arkéa Lending Services
          + Insurance, asset management and real estate consulting
               o Suravenir
               o Suravenir Assurances
               o Novélia
               o Arkéa Investment Services
               o Arkéa Immobilier Conseil
               o Schelcher Prince Gestion
               o Federal Finance Gestion
               o Swen Capital Partners
          + Business to business (BtoB) activities
               o Arkéa Banking Services
               o ProCapital
               o Monext
          + Non-banking activities
               o Armorique Habitat
               o Arkéa Assistance
               o Arkéa Sécurité
     * Our commitments
          + Social Responsibility strategy
               o Social Responsibility governance and organization
               o Cooperative engagement
               o Social Responsbility in our business lines
               o Environmental footprint
               o Wilful social resources policy
          + Philanthropy and partnerships
          + Our solidarity associations
               o Actualités
          + Actualités RSE
     * Investor
          + Key Figures
          + Financial Information
               o Registration Documents
               o Pillar 3 reports
               o Half-yearly series
          + Ratings
          + Regulatory Information
          + Contact
          + Debt Programmes
               o EMTN Programme
               o Home Loans SFH
               o Public Sector SCF
               o Other programmes
               o Green & Social Bonds
          + Investor Presentations
          + Extra-Financial Performance
               o Extra-Financial Performance Report
          + Member shares
     * Journalist
          + Press Release Crédit Mutuel Arkéa
          + Contact
     * Candidate

     * You are :
     * Investor

        Key Figures

        Regulatory Information

        Financial Information

        Debt Programmes

        Ratings

        Member shares

        Extra-Financial Performance

        Investor Presentations

        Contact

     * Journalist

        Press Release Crédit Mutuel Arkéa

        Contact

     * Candidate

Social Media

Performance

   Image coureurs

Arkéa-Samsic

   Don't miss anything from the latest news from the Arkéa-Samsic
   professional cycling team.

   Learn more »

Event

Arkéa and Paprec set course for the Vendée Globe

   The Arkéa and Paprec groups are joining skipper Sébastien Simon on the
   Imoca circuit, with a focus on participation in the Vendée Globe in
   2020. Sébastien Simon will have the great privilege of being able to
   draw on the experience and recognised know-how of Vincent Riou,
   appointed technical director, who won the 20004-2005 edition of the
   prestigious solo event.

   Access to website »

Partnership

   Partnership Arkea UBB

Arkéa on the front line

   Jean-Pierre Denis, President of the Arkéa Group, and Laurent Marti,
   President of the Union Bordeaux Bègles rugby club, signed a 5-year
   partnership on 7 June. Arkéa will appear on the jersey of the Gironde
   team that plays in the Top 14. "The partnership with the UBB is a great
   opportunity for the Arkéa Group, which wishes to strengthen its
   presence in Nouvelle Aquitaine, a region in which it has already been
   well established for a long time among individuals, companies and
   regional development players," said Jean-Pierre Denis. (...).


Financial results

   Arkéa 3 Résultats au 30 juin 2019

Development and financial strenght

   After a record year in 2018, the first half of 2019 confirmed the
   Group's very strong performance, with once again very good commercial
   performances and ratios that attest to the Group's financial strength.

   Press release »

Payment

Arkéa and Discover® Global Network announce strategic partnership

   Discover Global Network and Arkéa have signed an acquisition
   partnership. Cards from the international payment network will now be
   accepted by merchant customers of the Arkéa group's distribution
   networks, in physical points of sale, via local acceptance electronic
   payment solutions (electronic payment terminals), and online, via
   e-commerce payment pages. The Arkéa group's ATMs will also reference
   Discover network cards for cash withdrawals.

Private equity

Arkéa Capital takes a minority stake in Groupe HDV

   Arkéa Capital, the Arkéa group's subsidiary dedicated to private equity
   activities, announces the acquisition of a minority stake in the
   capital of Groupe HDV, a specialist in the construction of residential
   homes in the South West of France. A development capital operation
   carried out jointly with Irdi Soridec Gestion, alongside Didier Vicens,
   founder and President of Groupe HDV, and the management. This
   investment will enable the Groupe HDV to continue its strong
   development and to study possible external growth operations.

Fintech

   Lancement de la filière BRESSST

A breeding ground for tomorrow's champions

   Arkéa has announced the launch of a project for a sector of excellence
   dedicated to the development and support of fintechs. For Ronan Le
   Moal, CEO of the group, this project "supports our ambition to impose
   ourselves as the financial hub model that provides the best response to
   the aspirations and lifestyles of today and tomorrow".

   Press release »

Territory and development

   Fortuneo inaugurates its new premises

Crédit Mutuel Arkéa reaffirms its local presence by investing in its online
bank Fortuneo

   The new premises of online banking subsidiary Fortuneo, a subsidiary of
   Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, were inaugurated on 25 January 2018. The building
   - Glazeo - houses the 300 Fortuneo employees of the Brest area. For
   Jean-Pierre Denis, Chairman of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa, the event "is
   emblematic of the strong investment momentum in our regions,
   particularly here in Brittany. It also reflects the determination of a
   group that is solid, mobilized and committed to preserving its freedom
   of enterprise and development, now and in the future.

Innovation

   Ronan Le Moal présente la stratégie d'innovation du Crédit Mutuel Arkéa

Innovation is foremost a state of mind

   Innovation has always been a key element of Crédit Mutuel Arkéa's
   strategy, which relies on its agility to remain at the cutting edge of
   usage and technology. "Whenever a change in our environment occurs, we
   try to see it as an opportunity,"says Ronan Le Moal, CEO of the group.
   Ronan Le Moal presents the Group's innovation strategy, focusing on the
   spirit, curiosity and openness of the group.

   Video (in French) »

Fintech

   Le Crédit Mutuel Arkéa annonce l’acquisition de Pumpkin

Crédit Mutuel Arkéa acquires Pumpkin

   Crédit Mutuel Arkéa continues to invest in Fintech and acquires 80%
   share of the capital of Pumpkin whose mobile application facilitates
   cash transfers between friends and relatives. The startup's founders,
   Constantin Wolfrom, Hugo Sallé de Chou et Victor Lennel, remain
   shareholders and will have full autonomy to conduct its activities.

   Press release »

Strategy

   Arkéa Strategy (video)

Arkéa's strategy

   In the form of a short story, this video-scribing explains the key
   pillars and factors of Arkéa's strategy. This should enable the group
   to pursue its autonomous development at the service of its customers,
   territories and all its stakeholders, in increasingly competitive
   markets.

   Watch the video »

CSR

   ABEI consacre une enveloppe de 100 M€ pour financer des projets RSE

Plans for the future

   Arkéa Banque Entreprises et Institutionnels, which supports all
   contributors to regional economic development, has earmarked an amount
   of €100 M for environmental transition investments.

   Read more (FR) »

Startups

   Lancement du premier fonds institutionnel du Hardware Club

First fund dedicated to hardware in Europe

   Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and BpiFrance contributed to the launch of the
   Hardware Club's first institutional fund. The Hardware Club is the
   first community-based venture firm for hardware startups.It looks for
   outstanding founders, building game-changing products or technologies,
   targeting very large markets.

Daring

   blochain au service de la connaissance client

A successful premiere

   Crédit Mutuel Arkéa and IBM completed their first blockchain project to
   improve the bank’s ability to verify customer identity. The result of
   this successful pilot is an operational permissioned blockchain network
   that provides a view of customer identity to enable compliance with
   Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements. This demonstrates the disruptive
   capabilities of blockchain technology beyond common
   transaction-oriented use cases.

   Read more »

Fintech

Arkéa announces the acquisition of fintech Budget Insight

   Arkéa has signed an agreement subject to conditions precedent relating
   to the acquisition of 80% of the capital of fintech Budget Insight, a
   real technological nugget in the data aggregation and payment
   initiation sector. Clément Cœurdeuil and Romain Bignon, founders of
   Budget Insight, as well as the management will remain shareholders of
   the company. The Arkéa Group is strengthening its position as a
   collaborative bank serving its partners and customers. Budget Insight's
   expertise in data aggregation and enrichment will enable it to offer
   customers a simple and seamless experience by integrating financial and
   extra-financial services into consumer usage.

Fintech

   Lancement de Max, la fintech made in Crédit Mutuel Arkéa

   Crédit Mutuel Arkéa innovates lauching « Max », its own Fintech that
   will provide many services including non-financial services.

   Access to website »
     * Contact
     * Group websites
     * Sitemap
     * Legal notices
     * Personal data

     * fr Français
     * en English

   eNq9mNty2jAQhu/zFB7fxyYkhEzHJtPSpGUmmdAkTHvHCHkBESE5OnDo01cYAnZqChGol0j
   i39Wu9O3K0fVsTL0JCEk4i/2zoOJ7wDBPCBvEfuf59vTKv26cRCM0QfllV0GlW6/6HqZIyt
   hfTAc9QEwGv+7vvoIRAOE3TryI90aAVWGdVoQG35Ec3qN0scaLJpwk3hjUkCexn2qVjXqRV
   MK40Zhy8SJThCEKVyP52VH3Ij8ehQuxPVS1BHGH2KBUFJiVJtZCAFNNpGDAxXyLv5dW2kQ+
   guRaYGgjNWwLPiEJJKUm+ohKsDLSnyZPICYU1MJIqXg41koDtZJHIzR7hNdWudufzWxTzdR
   p5fSsVr84u6xf1mq1+pWVKZELVqm15TZCk44QWDjkY7BMS5sLhaijhBDZLJ4pR3YEvO5MfE
   JkStE8GMnUNlRIIDMNwtx8dxtZ7OBZGBZRE7N3+kxTGn7Q686KFI48XoCoyTVTW4BhG4YmZ
   wpm/8jnCI8lHiPxAijVPTvgqdnqYBKQx/P+N2flsG/rHiXYFm0GPRqk6jy29glIeDRCfEES
   OsIdIn4SlvCpPD568tl15H2a0bO8CONet1at2pXLNIeaovo+HclW+Y0BhiYFXTODhEDzgjA
   12AieskW+R4EN1NB0T29SKyMmezCL/cp6eLOJv457NruOQfYjs7pyOjezcwMkce7/u15nb+
   ejcJkkG/K3WJ8fynzDinKpNSkOZELWfHKMKByz/TQkeGuVnbHGHceWE6Wi326ebavgDw1iv
   jzBpdIkiW07cryrwPYQMwUnNNdJm3YEQ4gFJETZlq9dWzFEilP7ArkksZO3ixblhB8qlcpP
   YTidToOs7AaYj7eFraQeXx+4ZVPiNjl096T6H51Yb9ljHCHMtjftg93Voa+J1f9Xr5ZSk0p
   oa8ytAe2MpK2b48N585Rw5na7gAl3ZrJbjRThzFXnWbxpG6x3z8+r57YfaVrsVpjr/tDvky
   0frLaeyk3XE4WL7qtx8gdeR2so

   bQmZcTOlnzmscluu
