   #next Hulaland » Feed Hulaland » Comments Feed

   [tr?id=455591647959770&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

     * Skip to primary navigation
     * Skip to main content
     * Skip to primary sidebar

     * About
          + About Hulaland
          + Work With Me
          + Privacy Policy
     * Maui
     * Oahu
     * Kauai
     * Big Island
     * Itineraries
     * Hawaii Recommendations

Hulaland

   Beach Days Are the Best Days

   Hawaii Days Are
   The Best Days

     * Initial Planning
     * Where to Stay
     * Things to Do
     * Where to Eat
     * What to Pack
     * FREE Facebook Group

Molokai: The Most Hawaiian Island

   November 6, 2019 by caitylincoln

   This trip to Molokai was sponsored by Maui Nui (the tourism board for
   Maui County), which means all of my expenses were paid for and the
   itinerary was organized for me. As always, I only recommend my absolute
   favorites to you. Thank you for supporting the brands that make
   Hulaland possible.

   After spending four days on the Hawaiian island of Molokai (often
   called the most Hawaiian of the Hawaiian Islands), I feel more aware
   and appreciative of Hawaii and its culture than ever before. Countless
   trips (and even a brief time actually living in Hawaii) didn’t expose
   me to the type of uniquely Hawaiian experiences that I was able to
   participate in during my short time on Molokai.

   As a visitor, I’ve never so fully experienced “aloha” anywhere else in
   Hawaii. Aloha isn’t the waterfalls. It’s not the beaches or the
   rainbows or the lush green mountains. It’s not the scent of plumeria
   wafting over you while you relax in a hammock. Aloha isn’t a mai tai.
   Aloha is the spirit of the people. And there’s nowhere in Hawaii that a
   visitor is embraced more fully with aloha than Molokai.

   After about my second day on Molokai, I realized that the things I was
   learning, seeing and experiencing on Molokai were all connected to the
   people of Molokai. Unlike other places in Hawaii where I remember
   “things I did,” my memories on Molokai are of the people I met. Every
   experience is connected with a person, sharing their knowledge, their
   way of life, their culture, and their appreciation for their island.

   This is what makes Molokai different than any other Hawaiian Island.
   It’s what makes it special. Molokai is the fifth largest Hawaiian
   Island, situated between Maui and Oahu. In the morning, you can watch
   the sun come up over Maui, and in the evening you can see the lights of
   Honolulu. But it’s a world away from either island.

   What You Should Know Before You Go

   How to get there: By air is the only way to get to Molokai (there is no
   longer ferry service available from Maui). Mokulele Airlines and Makani
   Kai both offer numerous flights a day to Molokai (MKK) from both Maui
   and Oahu. The flight is only about 20 minutes and leaves out of the
   commuter terminal which means no TSA (show up 30 minutes before your
   flight, no hectic chaos, no rules about liquids, etc.). The planes are
   small (only 8-9 passengers), but the views are incredible.

   Everything is closed on Sundays: Everything. It’s not a good day to
   arrive on the island, and honestly if you’re only going to be there for
   a few days, I would schedule it so you’re not there on Sunday.

   There are no stoplights: Not one! They just installed a flashing
   crosswalk light by one of the schools (and I heard it was the talk of
   the island), but that’s it. This gives you an idea of the size and
   scope of the island and also how much traffic there is.

   Watch out for deer: There are so many deer on Molokai, especially out
   towards the west end so be very careful when driving at dusk. Drive
   slow!

   Everybody knows everybody: Unlike the other Hawaiian Islands where
   there’s such an influx of transplants and newcomers, Molokai is an
   extremely tight knit community. So tight knit that if they don’t know
   you, they know you’re a visitor. But everyone is so friendly and
   welcoming! So many times walking through town people would stop and ask
   me where I was from and how I was enjoying my stay. That just doesn’t
   happen anywhere else. It was also fun when with our tour guides to see
   everyone greet everybody when we went into a store or restaurant. If
   you’re from a small town where everyone has known you since were a
   child, you’ll be familiar with the vibe. If you’re not, it’s neat to
   see firsthand.

   This is “old Hawaii:” Compared to the other islands, Molokai is
   incredibly undeveloped. This of course, is part of its charm, but it
   can also pose some logistical challenges if you’re visiting. There are
   a couple small grocery stores and markets, but don’t expect a Target,
   Walmart, or Costco. There are plenty of restaurants, but nothing too
   fancy. You’ll have everything you need on Molokai, but it’s good to go
   in with the right expectations.

   How Long Should You Spend on Molokai?

   Molokai has a reputation for being boring or having nothing to do. By
   the time you finish reading this post, hopefully I’ll have debunked
   that myth but it still doesn’t compare to the four main Hawaiian
   Islands. I think three days is the perfect amount of time to visit
   Molokai, and while I don’t normally recommend spending so little time
   on an island because of travel time, the short flight here plus not
   having to go through TSA means that you have most of your travel days
   free. I would recommend a day for touring Kalaupapa, a day for the
   Halawa Valley, and either spending a day with Molokai Outdoors (if you
   haven’t used them for day 1 or 2) or spending a day filling in with
   what interests you.

   I also recommend sandwiching in your time on Molokai in the middle of
   your trip. For example, I wouldn’t recommend flying straight to Molokai
   from the mainland because if your flight to Maui (or Oahu) is delayed,
   you’ll probably end up missing your connection. Fly to Maui and spend a
   few days, then hop over to Molokai and end your trip back on Maui for a
   bit before flying home.

   Read More

   Filed Under: destinations, Hawaii, Molokai, Things to Do, Where to Eat,
   Where to Stay

Guide to the North Shore, Maui

   October 29, 2019 by caitylincoln

   This post may contain some affiliate links, which means I’ll make a
   little money on anything you choose to purchase. But of course, I only
   recommend my absolute favorites to you. Thank you for supporting the
   brands that make Hulaland possible.

   Home to big wave, surfers, hippy towns, and so many sea turtles, Maui’s
   north shore is a region that you definitely don’t want to miss. Even if
   you’re staying in the resort areas in south and west Maui, it’s worth
   at least a day trip to see the sites.

   There are three main towns/areas that make up the north shore: 1) Paia:
   right on the beach, this surf town is packed with shops and restaurants
   2) Haiku: located further up in the jungle, Haiku is more off the
   beaten path for tourists, but there’s still quite a bit to see and do
   3) Haliimaile: not really a town, but an old pineapple plantation, if
   you blink you’ll miss it!

   So here’s a rundown on what to do, where to eat, and where to stay (if
   you decide you’re interested in more than a quick day visit):

   Things to Do

   Hang out in Paia town: This “hippy” town on the North Shore has some of
   the best shopping and dining on Maui. It’s laid back vibe makes it feel
   more local than other parts of Maui but it has all of the amenities
   that make it a fun place to spend the day. Great local boutiques and
   plenty of diverse restaurants all a stone’s through from beautiful
   Baldwin beach are a great reason to make the trip up to Paia from your
   resort. Make sure to stroll up Baldwin Avenue to see the colorful
   surfboard wall in from on the Maui Aloha Hostel.

   Maui Pineapple Tour: Book a tour of the small plantation that produces
   the Maui Gold pineapples. It’s WAY more authentic than the Dole
   Plantation on Oahu and you can also combine it with lunch at the
   Haliimaile General Store across the street and a tour of the Haliimaile
   Distillery. I recommend booking the morning tour for the coolest
   weather.

   RELATED: Not very familiar with Maui? Read up on the lay of the
   is(land) and where to stay plus my favorite beach resorts, budget
   hotels, condos, honeymoon resorts, family friendly resorts, luxury
   resorts, and boutique hotels plus my area specific guides (including
   where to stay, eat, and things to do) for Wailea, Ka’anapali, the north
   shore, and upcountry plus my review of staying at the Four Seasons
   Maui.

   Maui bike ride

   Bike the Volcano: One of the most popular tourist attractions on Maui
   is Haleakala, a large dormant volcano, and while tons of people ascend
   to the summit each morning to watch the sunrise, the lucky ones get to
   follow it up with a downhill bike ride from summit to sea. It’s a
   bucket list adventure and most companies (my favorite is Maui
   Sunriders) have their headquarters (where you’ll end your tour) in Paia
   or Haiku. Read all about biking the volcano here.

   Baldwin/Baby Beach: Right in Paia town, this gorgeous white sand beach
   is usually too rough for swimming, but it’s fun to watch the wind and
   kite surfers. But the far west end of Baldwin beach has a protective
   shelf that makes for good swimming conditions plus a strong current if
   you get further out that makes for a good resistance pool. It’s called
   “Baby Beach” and on a good day (sunny, no wind) it’s packed with local
   families.

   Ho’okipa Beach: Ho’okipa beach is a resting area for the Hawaiian green
   sea turtles. Every afternoon they will swim up onto the beach (the far
   East end) to sun themselves while they nap. A volunteer group has taken
   it upon itself to protect the turtles by enforcing a perimeter around
   them, but this is the perfect spot to see a whole herd of turtles
   (usually around 20) both in and out of the water. Ho’okipa is also a
   popular surfing beach and on good days you’re guaranteed a show from
   the outlook where there are usually at least a couple of food trucks
   parked.

   Read More

   Filed Under: Hawaii, Maui, Things to Do, Where to Eat, Where to Stay

Staying at the Four Seasons, Maui

   October 19, 2019 by caitylincoln

   This post may contain some affiliate links, which means I’ll make a
   little money on anything you choose to purchase. But of course, I only
   recommend my absolute favorites to you. Thank you for supporting the
   brands that make Hulaland possible.

   On my latest trip to Maui, (a girl’s trip with my friend who had never
   been before) I scheduled a lot of spectacular activities like driving
   the road to Hana and going up for sunrise at Haleakala. Spectacular,
   but exhausting. After all of that adventuring, we knew we wanted some
   time at the end of our trip to unwind with a little luxury. Nobody does
   luxury like the Four Seasons, so we booked a three-night stay at the
   Four Seasons Maui in Wailea.

   In this post, I’m going to share a travelogue of my stay at the Four
   Seasons Maui, give you a list of things to do there, and finish up with
   tips for enjoying your stay.

   The Four Seasons Maui is located on Wailea Beach in south Maui.
   Beautiful, sun drenched Wailea is home to some of the best high-end
   resorts on Maui and with that comes excellent shopping and dining.

   We checked into the Four Seasons on a Monday morning, but the Four
   Seasons experience really begins before check in. Once we booked, we
   downloaded the Four Seasons app, and a concierge team member was in
   communication regarding our stay…mostly to know when we’d be arriving
   and offering to set up transportation.

   Since we were already on island and just changing accommodations, we
   checked in about 10:30 and were greeted with fresh flower leis, ginger
   mint lemonade, and chilled lavender towels.

   Our room wasn’t quite ready, which we expected, and we had already
   discussed how to jockey bags so we could find a place to change into
   suits and hit the pool. But the Four Seasons had a plan for that. They
   whisked all of our bags away to the “Aloha Suite,” a full suite with
   showers, lockers, changing rooms, a lounge, a fridge with bottled
   water, and plenty of charging stations. In less than 15 minutes, we had
   changed, packed away our clothes, and dug out the beach bags and what
   we wanted to take with us for the day. We called the bellman back (they
   had showed us how to reach them on the house phone), and we headed to
   the pool. Having only been on property for about 30 minutes at this
   point, I felt like I was already experiencing the world class service
   the Four Seasons is famous for.

   With coverups and hats on and beach bags in hand, we headed out to
   explore the property and stake out a spot for the afternoon. We settled
   at the adults only “Serenity Pool” which has got to be one of the best
   infinity pools on Maui. By 11 AM it was hopping and we could only find
   a place in the sun. Well let me rephrase that. The attendant only had
   spots available in the sun. Because one doesn’t search for a chair at a
   Four Seasons pool, you check in with an attendant and they get you all
   settled in. It’s nice.

   Read More

   Filed Under: destinations, Hawaii, Maui, Where to Stay

Snorkeling Molokini Crater, Maui

   October 4, 2019 by caitylincoln

   I received two complimentary tour spots on the Sunrise Deluxe Snorkel
   after reaching out to Kai Kanani regarding media coverage. I had
   previously sailed with Kai Kanani (in my pre-blog days) and have
   recommended them to my readers since the beginning of my blog so as
   always, I only share  my absolute favorite companies to you. Thank you
   for supporting the brands that make Hulaland possible.

   After my mask was secured and my fins were strapped to my feet, I waded
   down the final few steps of the catamaran’s ladder and eased into the
   water. Sun rays cut through the deep blue water and made it practically
   sparkle…the tropical fish were dancing all around me.

   Located three miles off Maui’s southern shore, Molokini Crater has long
   been Maui’s (and possibly Hawaii’s) most popular snorkeling and diving
   destination and it’s easy to see why.

   The partially submerged volcanic crater with its famous crescent shape
   is not only home to an extensive coral reef with 250+ species of
   tropical fish, but it also has an incredible quality of water that
   boasts up to 150 feet of visibility.

   There are some amazing snorkeling spots on Maui that can be accessed by
   beach or even by boat, but Molokini is completely unique. Because the
   crater is volcanic rock and it’s miles off shore, there’s not a trace
   of sand or soil in the water. This is what gives the incredible clarity
   that’s unprecedented in Hawaii.

   Sounds pretty great, right? So what’s the downside? The downside is the
   number of boats that take snorkelers out to the crater that can make it
   CROWDED, and many tour providers operate under conditions that can make
   the experience less than ideal. Not that it’s ever bad, but when you’re
   paying a premium, you want the best experience possible.

   Showing up to Molokini mid morning with a dozen other boats (some with
   as many as 150 people!) after an hour boat ride just isn’t magical. But
   don’t worry-I’ve got the scoop on how to see Molokini the best way.
   Uncrowded.

   Read More

   Filed Under: destinations, Hawaii, Maui, Things to Do

Guide to Upcountry Maui

   October 1, 2019 by caitylincoln

   This post may contain some affiliate links, which means I’ll make a
   little money on anything you choose to purchase. But of course, I only
   recommend my absolute favorites to you. Thank you for supporting the
   brands that make Hulaland possible.

   Are you planning a trip to Maui? Yippee if you are! You’re probably
   thinking about swaying palm trees, golden sandy beaches, and exotic
   marine life and while the land of the hula certainly has all of that,
   it has much, much more. The vast majority of space on Maui isn’t the
   shoreline where so many visitors flock each year, but rather the
   “upcountry.”

   Stretching to include the cowboy country of Makawao, the farmland of
   Kula, the eucalyptus forests of Ulupalakua, and the slopes of
   Haleakala, exploring upcountry Maui (including the lavender farm Maui)
   will give you a different perspective of life on the honeymooner’s
   isle. This is were the people live and if you spend a day or two here
   you’ll understand why.

   Read More

   Filed Under: destinations, Hawaii, Maui, Things to Do Tagged With:
   hawaii, maui, things to do
   Next Page »

Primary Sidebar

About Cate

   [Untitled-design-1-3.png]

        Aloha! I’m Cate…Hawaii lover, wannabe mermaid, beach bum
   extraordinaire, sand castle architect and firm believer that beach days
   are the best days! Follow my adventures around the world one beach at a
                                    time.

   Read More

   Save

   Save

   Save

     *
     *
     *
     *

                          [Copy-of-Big-Island.png]

Search The Blog

   Search this website ____________________ Search

                          [vacation-rentals-1.png]

POPULAR POSTS

              [15-Totally-Awesome-Things-to-do-in-Maui-2-2.png]

                         [15-Things-to-Do-on-8.png]

                         [15-Things-to-Do-on-3.png]

                         [15-Things-to-Do-on-6.png]

                                [Maui-5.png]

                          [Where-to-Stay-on-1.png]

                            [Where-to-Stay-1.png]

                            [Where-to-Stay-4.png]

Hulaland on Pinterest

   Visit Hulaland | Beach & Travel Blog's profile on Pinterest.

   [CL-Footer_2018.png]

Pin It on Pinterest

     *
     *
     *
     *

   Share This
     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Pinterest
     * StumbleUpon

   (BUTTON)

   Menu Title
     * About
       ▼

     * About Hulaland
     * Work With Me
     * Privacy Policy

     Maui

     Oahu

     Kauai

     Big Island

     Itineraries

     Hawaii Recommendations

   ____________________

   This site uses cookies: Find out more. (BUTTON) Okay, thanks
