   #/Film RSS Feed next publisher

     *
     *

     * About
     * Contact
     * RSS
     * Follow @slashfilm

/Film

Blogging the Reel World

     * News
     * Featured
     * Reviews
     * Trailers
     * Cool Stuff
     * /Filmcast

     * News
     * Reviews
     * Trailers
     * Calendar
     * /Filmcast
     * Cool Stuff

     * Casting
     * Comic Book
     * Remakes
     * Sci-Fi
     * Sequels
     * The Buzz
     * TV
     * Page 2
     * Superhero Bits

     * Art
     * Books
     * Gadgets
     * Gear
     * Toys
     * Other

     * The Show
     * After Dark
     * The Tobolowsky Files
     * Bonus Episodes
     * Interviews
     * Audio Commentaries
     * Live Broadcasts

‘His Dark Materials’ Thickens the Plot in the Exposition-Heavy “The Spies”

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Hoai-Tran Bui

   his dark materials the spies review

   It took long enough, but it finally feels like we’ve gotten to the plot
   of His Dark Materials. It was partly on the fault of the series, for
   taking the Game of Thrones approach that unwisely split up our
   disparate storylines to give the impression of an epic, sprawling saga.

   But for the first time, His Dark Materials feels focused toward an end
   goal that unites our two biggest groups of characters: Lyra and the
   Gyptians. It was a major misstep to separate these two storylines in
   the first place – the familiarity with which Lyra greets the Gyptians
   in the third episode of His Dark Materials, “The Spies,” feels out of
   step with the cushy isolation that she existed in before. But now that
   Lyra and the Gyptians’ storylines are united, His Dark Materials
   finally feels like it’s settling into itself.

   Read More »
   Comments

‘Chinatown’ Prequel Series Coming to Netflix From David Fincher and Robert
Towne

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Chris Evangelista

   chinatown prequel

   David Fincher will continue his collaboration with Netflix with a
   surprising new project: a Chinatown prequel series. Fincher will work
   with Chinatown screenwriter Robert Towne on the series, which focuses
   on the early days of Jake Gittes, Jack Nicholson’s private eye
   character from the 1974 Roman Polanski film. The deal as of now is only
   for a script, but Netflix reportedly hopes Fincher will direct the
   pilot as well.

   Read More »
   Comments

Superhero Bits: ‘Black Adam’ Cinematographer Revealed, Female Loki May Be
Coming to Disney+ & More

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ethan Anderton

   Hawkeye Title Sequence

   Which comic book movie did the President of the United States of
   America show to family, friends and staff? Who will be the
   cinematographer for Black Adam? Could we get a female version of Loki
   in the Disney+ series? What did Anthony & Joe Russo have to say about
   Martin Scorsese‘s Marvel movie comments? Has James Gunn talked to Mark
   Hamill about Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3? All that and more in this
   edition of Superhero Bits. Read More »
   Comments

‘Ford v Ferrari’ Speeds to the Top of the Box Office, ‘Charlie’s Angels’
Falls to Hell, ‘Joker’ Crosses $1 Billion Globally

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ethan Anderton

   Ford v Ferrari Trailer

   The reboot of Charlie’s Angels from Sony Pictures crashed and burned in
   its opening weekend, which allowed the high octane biopic Ford v
   Ferrari to speed into the top spot, giving 20th Century Fox a much
   needed box office victory after a series of disappointments since being
   acquired by The Walt Disney Company. Find out how the rest of the
   weekend box office played out in our rundown below. Read More »
   Comments

J.J. Abrams Says ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Didn’t Have to Change
Leia’s Story Due to Carrie Fisher’s Death

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ethan Anderton

   Carrie Fisher in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

   With just one month to go until Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker hits
   theaters, the publicity blitz for the final chapter of the Skywalker
   saga is really heating up. Director J.J. Abrams and the key cast
   members have been featured in various interviews across the web, and
   little details of what fans can expect from the end of the primary Star
   Wars saga have been coming to the surface.

   Unfortunately, the late Carrie Fisher can’t be part of these
   proceedings. The Star Wars legend has been said to get sent off in “a
   really beautiful way,” and if J.J. Abrams is to be believed, the
   passing of Carrie Fisher didn’t have an impact on the story they would
   have crafted for General Leia Organa. That’s interesting, because it
   appears to be in direct opposition to what Colin Trevorrow said when he
   was still attached to direct the sequel. Read More »
   Comments

Marvel’s ‘Runaways’ Season 3 Trailer Gives a New Look at the Show’s Final
Season

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ben Pearson

   Runaways season 3 trailer

   Runaways, the teen-centric superhero series that’s been chugging along
   on Hulu since 2017, is coming to an end – but there are still ten new
   episodes left. Hulu just dropped the trailer for the show’s upcoming
   third and final season, and while much of it looks pretty dour, at
   least Elizabeth Hurley seems to be having an absolute blast playing the
   evil sorceress Morgan le Fay. Read More »
   Comments

‘Roma’ Becomes the First Netflix Film to Join the Criterion Collection

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Chris Evangelista

   Roma Blu-ray

   While a few original Netflix shows have received Blu-ray releases,
   Netflix movies tend not to get the same treatment. But that’s about to
   change – in a big way. Roma, the Netflix movie that scored several
   Oscar nominations and took home Best Foreign Language Film, is getting
   a Blu-ray release – and not just any old Blu-ray release, either. We’re
   talking The Criterion Collection here, which is about as fancy as you
   can get in the Blu-ray world.

   Read More »
   Comments

With the Removal of a Historic Court Ruling, the Movie Landscape as We Know
It Might Change Forever

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ben Pearson

   paramount consent decrees

   According to the Wall Street Journal, the Justice Department is moving
   to completely wipe out the Paramount consent decrees, a ruling which,
   for the past 70 years, has regulated how movie studios distribute films
   to movie theaters. If those decrees are indeed overturned (and it looks
   like they will be), it could have devastating consequences to the
   theater industry as we know it, and the entire movie landscape could
   shift as a result. Here’s what this means in practical terms.
   Read More »
   Comments

‘Waves’ Director Trey Edward Shults and His Cast on Their Brutal, Brilliant
New Drama [Interview]

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Steven Prokopy

   waves trailer new

   For his third feature in a row, writer/director Trey Edward Shults
   (Krisha, It Comes at Night) dives back into the subject of a family in
   crisis with Waves. This time around, he sets his drama in South Florida
   to trace the epic emotional journey of a suburban African-American
   family, led by Ronald (Sterling K. Brown), a well-intentioned father
   who puts a great deal of pressure on his high school athlete son Tyler
   (Kelvin Harrison Jr., from Luce, last year’s Monsters and Men, and
   Shults’ It Comes At Night), while tending to ignore his quiet, studious
   daughter Emily (newcomer Taylor Russell).

   When tragedy strikes, the family—who also includes stepmom Catharine
   (Renée Elise Goldsberry)—has to find the strength to regroup and
   forgive flaws even in the darkest times they have every faced. Emily is
   able to find some kind of solace with the help of a new boyfriend Luke
   (Lucas Hedges). Waves is a sometimes uncomfortably real and emotionally
   raw experience, in which all of the characters find very different
   paths through suffering and recovery, but it’s the journey that Shults
   paves for his characters that makes the film such a worthy and
   fulfilling experience.

   /Film spoke with Shults, Harrison, and Russell in Chicago recently
   during the Chicago International Film Festival, where they discussed
   the very personal events that led to the screenplay, and the ways in
   which the actors found their way into their very different characters,
   and the way Shults represented each with unique visual languages. Waves
   is currently in limited release, opening in top markets on November 22,
   and continuing to rollout throughout the holiday season.

   Read More »
   Comments
   Cool Posts From Around the Web:

   ZergNet

‘Fast and Furious: Spy Racers’ Animated Series Reveals Cast (Including Vin
Diesel’s Daughter) and New Images

   Posted on Monday, November 18th, 2019 by Ben Pearson

   Fast and Furious Spy Racers - cast

   Justin Lin’s Fast & Furious 9 doesn’t hit theaters until May 2020, but
   if you’re dying for more stories set in the Fast universe, you won’t
   have to wait nearly that long to see one. Fast and Furious: Spy Racers,
   the new animated series from Universal and DreamWorks Animation,
   arrives on Netflix in just over a month, and the studio just sent out a
   batch of new images from the show as well as the full cast list. Check
   them out below, and learn who Vin Diesel’s daughter is playing in the
   series. Read More »
   Comments

                     Click Here To Read Older Movie News

   « Older Posts

Featured Posts

   ‘His Dark Materials’ Thickens the Plot in the Exposition-Heavy “The
   Spies”

   With the Removal of a Historic Court Ruling, the Movie Landscape as We
   Know It Might Change Forever

   ‘Waves’ Director Trey Edward Shults and His Cast on Their Brutal,
   Brilliant New Drama [Interview]

   Anthony Daniels on Playing C-3PO for Over 40 Years and Why ‘Star Wars’
   Isn’t a Blockbuster [Interview]

   ‘The Mandalorian’ Gets Better in Episode Two, But It Desperately Needs
   to Find Some Direction

   ‘Death Stranding’ Bridges Gaming and Cinema in One of the Year’s Most
   Satisfying Experiences

   ‘The Irishman’ is Martin Scorsese’s Greatest Argument Against His
   Longtime Critics

   The ‘Watchmen’ Reference Guide: Every Easter Egg in “Little Fear Of
   Lightning”
   Ordinary Adventures Vlogs

   IFRAME:
   https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PL_foXyG0EX3-jJARDhh08FI
   sM_Su1qWuc

   Watch the latest videos from Ordinary Adventures, and subscribe now on
   YouTube.
   Around The Web

Upcoming Movies

   5/24: Aladdin, Booksmart, Brightburn

   5/31: Godzilla: King of the Monsters, Rocketman

   6/07: The Darkest Minds, Dark Phoenix, The Secret Life of Pets 2

   6/14: Men In Black International

   6/21: Child's Play', Toy Story 4

   6/28: Yesterday

   7/03: Spider-Man: Far from Home

   7/19: The Lion King

   7/26: Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, The Boy 2

   8/02 Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw

   8/09: Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark

   8/14: The Angry Birds Movie 2

   8/23: Angel has Fallen

   9/06: It: Chapter 2

   9/20: Ad Astra, Rambo: Last Blood

   10/04: Joker

   Future:

   Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker & Spin-Offs

   Wonder Woman 84

   Bad Boys for Life

   Birds of Prey

   Avatar 2

   GI Joe

   Eternals

   Black Widow

/Contributors

   Peter Sciretta

   Editor in Chief, Head Writer

   Los Angeles, CA

   Jacob Hall

   Managing Editor

   Austin, TX

   David Chen

   Editor-at-large, /Filmcast

   Seattle, WA

   Ethan Anderton

   Writer and Weekend Editor

   Chicago, IL

   Hoai-Tran Bui

   Writer

   Queens, NY

   Ben Pearson

   Writer

   Los Angeles, CA

   Chris Evangelista

   Writer

   Philadelphia, PA

   Jack Giroux

   Interviewer-at-large

   Los Angeles, CA

   Christopher Stipp

   This Week in Trailers

   Phoenix, AZ

   Blake J. Harris

   How Did This Get Made

   New York

   Devindra Hardawar

   /Filmcast

   Brooklyn, NY

   Jeff Cannata

   /Filmcast

   Los Angeles, CA

   Fred Topel

   TV Correspondent

   Los Angeles, CA

/Follow Slash Film On:

     * Twitter
     * Facebook

/Film

     * News
     * Reviews
     * Trailers
     * Filmcast
     * About
     * Contact

   Copyright © 2019 /Film. Privacy Policy / Cookie Policy. Web design by
   Pro Blog Design. Logo Concept by: Illumination Ink

   All names, trademarks and images are copyright their respective owners.
   Affiliate links used when available.
   free hit counter javascript
