   #RSS 2.0

   Sublime Text

   Download Buy Support News Forum

   Introducing our Git client
   [merge_icon.svg] Sublime Merge [yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7]
   A sophisticated text editor for
   code, markup and prose
   Download for Windows Download for Windows Install for Linux Download
   for Mac
   Sublime Text 3 (Build 3211)
   Changelog

   [yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7]

   Use Multiple Selections to rename variables quickly Here Ctrl+D⌘+D is
   used to select the next occurrence of the current word. Once created,
   each selection allows for full-featured editing.
   Quickly jump to files and functions with Goto Anything Here Ctrl+P⌘+P
   is used to open the Goto Anything menu, xcc is used to select the file
   xla_compilation_cache.cc, @ switches to symbol mode, and :c selects the
   XlaCompilationCache::Compile method.
   Navigate source using Goto Definition Here the mouse is hovered over a
   symbol to jump to the definition. The keyboard shortcut F12 can be used
   when the caret is located on a symbol, or Goto Symbol in Project can be
   opened via Ctrl+Shift+R⇧+⌘+R to jump to the definition of any symbol in
   the project.
   Unsurpassed performance Here a 7MB source code file is opened, and Goto
   Symbol Ctrl+R⌘+R is used to jump to a function 200k lines down. Full
   editing features are retained for code in large files, or with complex
   syntax.

Some features our users love:

Goto Anything

   Use Goto Anything to open files with only a few keystrokes, and
   instantly jump to symbols, lines or words.

   Triggered with Ctrl+P⌘+P, it is possible to:
     * Type part of a file name to open it.
     * Type @ to jump to symbols, # to search within the file, and : to go
       to a line number.

   These shortcuts can be combined, so tp@rf may take you to a function
   read_file within a file text_parser.py. Similarly, tp:100 would take
   you to line 100 of the same file.

Goto Definition

   Using information from syntax definitions, Sublime Text automatically
   generates a project-wide index of every class, method and function.
   This index powers Goto Definition, which is exposed in three different
   ways:
     * A popup is displayed when hovering over a symbol
     * Pressing F12 when the caret is on a symbol
     * The Goto Symbol in Project functionality

   Symbol indexing can be customized on a per-syntax basis via
   configuration files, allowing users to tailor the feature to their
   needs.

Multiple Selections

   Make ten changes at the same time, not one change ten times. Multiple
   selections allow you to interactively change many lines at once, rename
   variables with ease, and manipulate files faster than ever.

   Try pressing Ctrl+Shift+L⇧+⌘+L to split the selection into lines and
   Ctrl+D⌘+D to select the next occurrence of the selected word. To make
   multiple selections with the mouse, take a look at the Column Selection
   documentation.

Command Palette

   The Command Palette holds infrequently used functionality, like
   sorting, changing the syntax and changing the indentation settings.
   With just a few keystrokes, you can search for what you want, without
   ever having to navigate through the menus or remember obscure key
   bindings.

   Show the Command Palette with Ctrl+Shift+P⇧+⌘+P.

Powerful API and Package Ecosystem

   Sublime Text has a powerful, Python API that allows plugins to augment
   built-in functionality.

   Package Control can be installed via the command palette, providing
   simple access to thousands of packages built by the community.

Customize Anything

   Key bindings, menus, snippets, macros, completions and more - just
   about everything in Sublime Text is customizable with simple JSON
   files. This system gives you flexibility as settings can be specified
   on a per-file type and per-project basis.

Split Editing

   Get the most out of your wide screen monitor with split editing
   support. Edit files side by side, or edit two locations in the one
   file. You can edit with as many rows and columns as you wish. Take
   advantage of multiple monitors by editing with multiple windows, and
   using multiple splits in each window.

   Take a look at the View ▶ Layout menu for split editing options. To
   open multiple views into the one file, use the File ▶ New View into
   File menu item.

Instant Project Switch

   Projects in Sublime Text capture the full contents of the workspace,
   including modified and unsaved files. You can switch between projects
   in a manner similar to Goto Anything, and the switch is instant, with
   no save prompts - all your modifications will be restored next time the
   project is opened.

Performance

   Sublime Text is built from custom components, providing for unmatched
   responsiveness. From a powerful, custom cross-platform UI toolkit, to
   an unmatched syntax highlighting engine, Sublime Text sets the bar for
   performance.

Cross Platform

   Sublime Text is available for Mac, Windows and Linux. One license is
   all you need to use Sublime Text on every computer you own, no matter
   what operating system it uses.

   Sublime Text uses a custom UI toolkit, optimized for speed and beauty,
   while taking advantage of native functionality on each platform.

Sublime HQ Family

Sublime Merge

   Have you seen our sister product, Sublime Merge? It's a Git Client,
   done the Sublime Text way.

   © Sublime HQ Pty Ltd

   Woollahra, Sydney.
