   Overview - TACTIC™

   Company Get a Demo Log In

Overview Features Customers Prices

Menu

Close

   Overview - TACTIC™

Features

Design Create Plan Publish Analyse Tech

Customers

Case Studies Ad Examples

Prices

Get Offer Banner Pricing Video Pricing

Company

About Us Quick Facts Key People Office Locations
Facebook LinkedIn Instagram

Privacy Policy Terms of Service Release Notes Help and Support Log In

Are you ready to get started with TACTIC™?

   We would love to talk to you about real-time marketing, and discover if
   your company can benefit from our dynamic creative management platform.
   Request trial and get your customized demo now!

(BUTTON) Get a Demo (BUTTON) Get Offer

Close

   Overview - TACTIC™

Are you ready to get started with TACTIC™?

   We would love to talk to you about real-time marketing, and discover if
   your company can benefit from our dynamic creative management platform.
   Request trial and get your customized demo now!

(BUTTON) Get a Demo (BUTTON) Get Offer

Performance marketing tools

   TACTIC™ Platform is designed to enable brands and advertisers to reach
   targeted audiences across a wide range of digital platforms and
   channels. Our data-driven cloud technology simplifies ad delivery and
   production for cutting-edge digital campaigns.

(BUTTON) Get a Demo (BUTTON) Watch Video

Create marketing content with minimum effort

   TACTIC™ Platform's data-driven, cloud technology platform enables
   brands and advertising professionals to reach targeted, brand-receptive
   audiences across a wide range of digital platforms and channels.

Feature Highlights

Optimise complex workflows

   With TACTIC™ you are able to adjust any of your content even after the
   campaign has been published live, without any additional ad-ops time.

   (BUTTON) Design

Create brand-safe without design skills

   TACTIC™ Platform allows to automate production of rich creative content
   to be as dynamic as your brand. Create and publish your content in
   minutes. It’s that easy.

   (BUTTON) Create

Choose when you work

   Create unique campaigns to build brand recognition, increase sales, and
   reach large audiences. With TACTIC™ Platform you can target different
   users at different times of the day, week, or month.

   (BUTTON) Plan

Publish with the best ad networks

   TACTIC™ Platform allows you to adjust any of your content even after
   the campaign has been published live, without any additional ad-ops
   time.

   (BUTTON) Publish

Independent ad analytics

   With TACTIC™ Analytics you can track all versions of your ads and view
   by impressions, video impressions, and clicks across all media
   platforms the ads have been published to.

   (BUTTON) Analyse

Appreciated by Brands Worldwide

   Brands are empowered by TACTIC™ Platform. Learn how brands and
   advertising are utilizing TACTIC™ to make successful impacts in their
   marketing strategy.

   (BUTTON) Case Studies (BUTTON) Ad Examples

Latest Case Studies

Creative optimization for Apollo Reiser - leading nordic charter operator

   During the 2015-2016 autumn campaign, from August to November, Apollo
   reduced their purchased impressions by 65%, while numbers of
   conversions increased by 43% with use of the TACTIC™ Platform.

   (BUTTON) Read More

Dynamic ads for COOP - Norway’s biggest retailer

   Media agency saves approx 4 hours of ad-ops time daily with TACTIC™
   Platform. Production agency efficiently runs campaigns based on Coops
   campaign schedule. Ad content is updated in real time without the need
   to contact media agency. All ad sizes are available at any time.

   (BUTTON) Read More

Are you ready to get started with TACTIC™?

   We would love to talk to you about real-time marketing, and discover if
   your company can benefit from our dynamic creative management platform.
   Request trial and get your customized demo now!

(BUTTON) Get a Demo (BUTTON) Get Offer

   Overview - TACTIC™

   © TACTIC™ REAL-TIME MARKETING AS Privacy Policy Terms of Service
   Release Notes Help and Support Log In
   Facebook LinkedIn Instagram
