   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-T76TQ5D

   Skip to main content

   [ ]
   menu

Druide

   Druide
     * Français
     * English

     * About
     * News
     * Reports
     * Products
     * Contact
     * 20 years Druide

   Antidote combines a grammar corrector with rich dictionaries and
   language guides, all with direct integration into your writing
   software. Do you type in English or French? Then Antidote is for you!
   It works with Windows, Mac and Linux, while the dictionaries and guides
   are also available for iPhone and iPad.
   Visit the Antidote website
   Need great writing tools?
   Visit the Antidote website

   Mastering the keyboard has become an essential skill. Learn to type or
   improve your keyboarding with Typing Pal. Using a test, Typing Pal
   initially evaluates your strengths and weaknesses before suggesting
   personalized exercises for you. Practice texts, dictation, games and
   statistics, it’s all there!
   Visit the Typing Pal website
   Want to type faster?
   Visit the Typing Pal website

   If your website leaves room for improvement, your readers are sure to
   be put off. To ensure quality, Druide has created WebElixir. WebElixir
   scans websites to detect errors in French and English, flag broken
   links and identify all changes. You receive a quality report after each
   scan.
   Visit the WebElixir website (in French only)
   Need an impeccable website?
   Visit the WebElixir website (in French only)

   Fiction, non-fiction, children’s literature and reference works; we are
   distinctly contemporary, offering our publications in print and
   digitally. Our authors—be they newcomers or veterans—have the same
   goals: to transport you, to move you, to make you think and to enrich
   your mind!
   Visit Éditions Druide (in French only)
   Looking for a good book in French?
   Visit Éditions Druide (in French only)
     * Need great writing tools?
     * Want to type faster?
     * Need an impeccable website?
     * Looking for a good book in French?

News

     * October 08, 2019
       André Jacques Wins the Prix Saint-Pacôme
       Read more
     * September 27, 2019
       Antidote integrates with memoQ
       Read more
     * September 18, 2019
       Antidote and macOS 10.15
       Read more
     * June 28, 2019
       Typing Pal’s New Features for 2019 — School Edition
       Read more
     * June 25, 2019
       Druide Raises $44,000 for the Fondation Paul Gérin-Lajoie
       Read more

   View all news

Reports

     * November 2019
       Darker Matters
       Our last instalment of Word Stories, with its focus on divine
       attributes, was all goodness and light. Now, as the days of late
       autumn get rapidly shorter, we, too, find ourselves in gloomier
       territory, turning our attention to darker matters.
       Read more
     * October 2019
       These Kinds of Words are Kind of Tricky
       Kind, type and sort are three common words in English that denote
       category membership. They are useful words for our pattern-seeking
       brains. This article will address some tricky questions about
       grammatical agreement in type-noun expressions and examine how
       these expressions have extended their usage to convey a variety of
       notions.
       Read more
     * September 2019
       Divine Attributes
       Who wouldn’t welcome a person who brings spirit, enthusiasm and
       inspiration to any situation? It may come as no surprise that these
       words, before they came to describe those transcendental human
       characteristics, were all used in relation to the divine. We hope
       that their stories leave you suitably inspired.
       Read more

   View all reports

Antidote 10

for Windows, Mac and Linux

   Whether you’re writing an essay or an email, a simple click of a button
   will open some of the most comprehensive and useful language resources
   ever created.

   SUBSCRIBE TO INFO-DRUIDE
     * 20 Years of innovation
     * Press room
     * Info-Druide
     * Opportunities
     * Conditions of use
     * Privacy policy

   © 2019 Druide informatique. All rights reserved.
     * Français
     * English
