   #Smash Balloon » Feed Smash Balloon » Comments Feed alternate alternate

     * Our Plugins
          + The Custom Facebook Feed
          + The Instagram Feed
          + Custom Twitter Feeds
     * My Account

   Smash Balloon - Home of the Custom Facebook Feed WordPress Plugin

Menu

   Skip to content

Display social media content on your website your way

Completely customizable social media feeds tailored to fit your website

   Facebook and Instagram WordPress plugin illustrations
   Beautiful
   Powerful
   Customizable
   Responsive
   SEO-friendly

Facebook

   Display customizable Facebook Feeds on your website
   The best dang Facebook plugin both sides of the Mississippi!
   Learn more

Instagram

   Display customizable Instagram Feeds on your website
   I'd definitely like to have this plugin on my side in a bar fight
   Learn more

Twitter

   Display customizable Twitter Feeds on your website
   Hands down the only Twitter plugin I’d trust to babysit my kids
   Learn more

   Our plugins are trusted by over 1 million active users.

   With an average rating of 4.9 stars out of 5.

   The Custom Facebook Feed - Display a completely customizable Facebook
   feed on your WordPress website Here at Smash Balloon we have two goals:

   1. Creating and maintaining the most useful, functional, beautiful,
   robust and down-right awesomist social media plugins your website has
   ever seen.

   2. To provide the quickest, friendliest and most mind-blowingly amazing
   product support you have ever experienced.

What people are saying...

     @smashballoon Thank you!  Your prompt reply & quick service is
     AMAZING! It's scary giving money where there's no number to call and
     no live chat.  Your same day email reply & quick fix of my mistake
     makes me feel secure in doing continued business with SmashBalloon!
     — Clem Lafrades (@victoryfitclub) January 30, 2018

     The Custom Facebook Feed WordPress Plugin https://t.co/vhN1LZ14ui
     via @smashballoon is FRICKIN amazing :) well worth the developer $$
     :)
     — Nick Culpitt (@NCulpitt) May 28, 2015

     @smashballoon - What an AMAZING plug-in. Can't begin to tell you how
     much time this has saved me. The reviews were so good, I didn't
     believe them because they seemed over the top. Wrong. They are right
     on the money. One of the easiest to use plug-ins I've ever
     purchased.
     — dandeibert (@dandeibert) August 2, 2019

   V3.10 of the Custom Facebook Feed Pro WordPress plugin is hot and fresh
   out the oven! This update includes a backup caching system - so even if
   there's an issue with Facebook your feed won't go down, and also a new
   way to easily manage multiple page/group accounts on one site. Full
   change log: smashballoon.com/change-log/
   Nov 1, 2019View on Facebook

   Made with by the Smash Balloon team
   Smash Balloon is a fun-loving WordPress plugin development company
   specializing in creating beautifully designed plugins that integrate
   seamlessly into your website, allowing you to display social media
   content in powerful and unique ways.

   © Copyright 2019, Smash Balloon LLC. All Rights Reserved
     * Terms & Conditions
     * Privacy
     * About Us
     * Become an Affiliate
     * Mailing List
     * Contact Us

     Share this page
