   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Marriage, parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental
health in old age

     * Christoph Becker ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Validation, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany
       ⨯
     * Isadora Kirchmaier ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Formal analysis, Methodology, Software, Writing – original
       draft
       Affiliation Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany
       ⨯
     * Stefan T. Trautmann
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft
       * E-mail: trautmann@uni-hd.de
       Affiliations Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, Department of Economics, Tilburg
       University, Tilburg, The Netherlands
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-0094-8841
       ⨯

Marriage, parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental
health in old age

     * Christoph Becker,
     * Isadora Kirchmaier,
     * Stefan T. Trautmann

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 24, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Table 2
   Fig 2
   Table 3
   Table 4
   Table 5

Abstract

   Parenthood, marital status and social networks have been shown to
   relate to the well-being and mental health of older people. Using a
   large sample of respondents aged 50 and older from 16 European
   countries, we identify the associations of well-being and mental health
   with family status. Making use of detailed social network data of the
   respondents, we also identify how different social support networks
   correlate with the well-being and health indicators. We observe
   positive associations for all network types, over and beyond any direct
   associations of family status with well-being. Results suggest that
   non-residential children are important providers of social support for
   their parents at older age.

   Citation: Becker C, Kirchmaier I, Trautmann ST (2019) Marriage,
   parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental health
   in old age. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0218704.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704

   Editor: Oliver Gruebner, University of Zurich, SWITZERLAND

   Received: July 9, 2018; Accepted: June 8, 2019; Published: July 24,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Becker et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: The data underlying the results of this study are
   available at: https://doi.org/10.11588/data/RNHJTE.

   Funding: The SHARE data collection has been primarily funded by the
   European Commission through FP5 (QLK6-CT-2001-00360), FP6 (SHARE-I3:
   RII-CT-2006-062193, COMPARE: CIT5-CT-2005-028857, SHARELIFE:
   CIT4-CT-2006-028812) and FP7 (SHARE-PREP: N°211909, SHARE-LEAP:
   N°227822, SHARE M4: N°261982), with additional funding from the German
   Ministry of Education and Research, the Max Planck Society for the
   Advancement of Science, the U.S. National Institute on Aging
   (U01_AG09740-13S2, P01_AG005842, P01_AG08291, P30_AG12815,
   R21_AG025169, Y1-AG-4553-01, IAG_BSR06-11, OGHA_04-064,
   HHSN271201300071C) and from various national funding sources (see
   www.share-project.org). We also acknowledge financial support by
   Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft within the funding programme Open
   Access Publishing, by the Baden-Württemberg Ministry of Science,
   Research and the Arts and by Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg. The
   Friedrich-Ebert-Foundation provided support for CB in the form of a
   grant.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   The link between family status (marital status and parenthood),
   well-being, and mental health is widely discussed in academic and
   popular discourses. Evidence suggests that being married or living with
   a partner can have a positive effect on life satisfaction [1] and is
   associated with higher well-being, better mental health and fewer
   depressive symptoms in old age [2–4].

   Parenthood, on the other hand, does not appear to be associated with
   enhanced mental health [5–7]. The risk of depression is especially
   pronounced for women with parenting stress and poor physical health,
   but less pronounced for those being supported by the partner [8].
   Repeated cross-sectional data on US parents and non-parents shows a gap
   in subjective well-being between these two groups, which, however,
   becomes smaller over the period 1973 through 2008 due to decreased
   happiness of non-parents [9]. A cross-country comparison finds only
   weak associations between life satisfaction and having children, with
   unclear direction [1]. However, there is also evidence that the
   relationship between children and well-being becomes more positive for
   older respondents [1,10]. Depending on the life-cycle stage, the
   aspects of parenthood may thus differ, suggesting that the positive
   aspects of parenthood dominate when getting older. Amongst others, the
   role of children as a form of social support may become important in
   the later stages of a person’s life [10].

   But what constitutes social support? One of the most cited definitions
   stems from Cobb [11], describing social support as “information leading
   the subject to believe that he is cared for and loved, esteemed and a
   member of mutual obligations”. The U.S. National Cancer Institute [12],
   defines social support as “a network of family, friends, neighbors, and
   community members that is available in times of need to give
   psychological, physical, and financial help”. In general, a social
   network consists of a “set of actors and the ties amongst them” [13],
   while the term social support further describes the quantity and
   quality of these ties from an individual perspective. While there exist
   multiple definitions of social support, most of them encompass factors
   for the size and structure of the network, as well as including
   measures for physical distance to other network members, length of the
   relationships, frequency of contact or function of each relationship
   [14]. Evidence suggests that such social support networks are related
   to less loneliness and more happiness [15,16] and act as important
   buffer against stressful events [11,14].

   While results on parenthood might be controversial and depend on the
   age of the studied population, there is widespread agreement that
   social support is associated with higher life satisfaction, and that
   social networks are an important factor for well-being [17]. Bringing
   these two branches of the literature together, we aim to shed light on
   the link between a person’s family status, the resulting
   characteristics of their social networks, and their well-being and
   mental health, using a large sample of 55.000 middle-aged and older
   adults from 16 European countries. This sample was taken from the
   Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE). For people
   aged 60 and older in Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean countries in
   the first wave of the data set, there is some evidence that the number
   of residential children is associated with more depressive symptoms
   [18]. We aim to expand and generalize these findings using recently
   collected, detailed network data, across European countries.
   Parenthood, marital status and different types of social networks might
   help to sustain well-being and mental health in old age. Our objective
   in the current study is to analyze the role of marital status,
   parenthood and social networks deriving from these family backgrounds
   as potential sources of social support, for well-being and mental
   health in old age. We consider four distinct measures, used in
   different fields such as economics or psychology, to obtain a
   comprehensive picture of well-being and mental health. These are the
   CASP-12 scale for quality of life, the EURO-D scale for depressive
   symptoms, and one question each for life and social support network
   satisfaction.

   We use the full range of the SHARE data set, which includes people aged
   50 and older. At this point in the life cycle, parents may have
   resident children, children living away from home, and grandchildren,
   allowing us to separate their associations with well-being. We use
   network composition measures in order to determine network types, and
   control for network size and relational dynamics separately.
   Additionally, we calculate the network types for each country
   separately, taking cultural differences in network compositions into
   account.

   Based on the current literature we test the following three hypotheses
   for the well-being and mental health of people aged 50 and older: i) A
   positive association with being married, ii) a positive association
   with the number of children and grandchildren not living at home, and
   iii) a positive association with having a strong social network implied
   by family background. We proceed as follows: Section 2 describes the
   data used and our methods to measure well-being, mental health and the
   characteristics of social support networks in detail. In Section 3 we
   present the results of our analysis. We first analyze the association
   of family status with well-being and mental health measures without
   taking the social network into account. We then take the network
   composition as criterion variables and use hierarchical clustering to
   determine social network types which differ mainly in their main source
   of social support. We then assess the relationship between the
   resulting social support network types and outcome measures,
   controlling for family status, network size, and relational dynamics.
   Section 4 discusses our findings, and Section 5 provides concluding
   remarks.

Data and methods

Respondents

   We use data from the cross-national panel database Survey of Health,
   Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE), release 6.0.0., managed by the
   Munich Center for the Economics of Aging, Max Planck Institute for
   Social Law and Social Policy [19–21]. The cross-national panel database
   provides extensive data on health and socio-economic status. The target
   population is people of age 50 or older having their regular domicile
   in the respective country. Current partners are interviewed regardless
   of their age. We make use of SHARE wave 4 [22] that was administered
   between 2010 and 2012 in 16 European countries, and includes a module
   on social network. We update missing constants with data from waves 1
   and 2 [23,24]. We include respondents age 50 and older not living in a
   nursing home. The number of respondents differs by country. Over all
   countries, there are about 55.000 observations available. For an
   overview of the total number of observations of each country, see the
   supporting S1 Table.

Demographic factors

   The SHARE data set contains detailed data on demographics. Summary
   statistics of all demographic variables used in the analyses can be
   found in S2 Table. The demographic factor of interest is the family
   status, which we measure by the marital status, total number of
   children, children living at home, and grandchildren. Over all
   countries 70% of the respondents are married and 91% have children.

   The marital status of each respondent is classified into the categories
   (1) married and living together with spouse, (2) registered
   partnership, (3) married and living separated from spouse, (4) never
   married, (5) divorced, (6) widowed. For the regression analysis we
   construct the dummy variables married which takes the value of one if
   the respondent is married or in a registered partnership, the dummy
   variable divorced, which takes the value of one if the respondent is
   divorced or living separated from spouse, and a dummy variable widowed.
   We include respondents living separately from their spouse in the dummy
   divorced, as living separately is often a preceding step to a divorce.

   Parenthood is measured by the number of children alive and the number
   of resident children, including fostered, adopted and stepchildren. We
   define the four-category measure children with categories no children,
   one child, two children, and three or more children, and create the
   respective dummy variables for each category. We further construct the
   variables resident children and grandchildren which report for each
   respondent the number of children living with the family and the number
   of grandchildren.

   Further demographics are used as controls. The set Controls A consist
   of gender, age (of the respondent at the time of the interview), age
   squared, and a dummy variable indicating the country of residence of
   the respondent to control for cultural differences. The set Controls B
   additionally includes dummies for urban character of residence, being
   employed, self-employment, level of education according to the
   international classification of education ISCED-97 [25],an indicator
   for the average monthly household income, and the aforementioned
   dummies for divorced and widowed. In SHARE wave 4, each household
   respondent is asked to state the overall after-tax income of the entire
   household in an average month of last year. If a respondent refuses to
   answer, the interviewer asks whether the respondent earns more, less or
   approximately the amount in certain bracketed values, which represent
   country-specific 25^th, 50^th, and 75^th percentiles of the reported
   household incomes from SHARE wave 2. We use the information from the
   stated household income and the unfolding brackets and define four
   categories for the average monthly household income: (1) Low income [0
   to 25^th percentile], (2) Middle income [25^th to 50^th percentile],
   (3) Upper middle income [50^th percentile to 75^th percentile], and (4)
   High income [75^th percentile and higher]. The boundaries of the
   intervals are the country-specific bracket values of SHARE wave 4
   (details and summary statistics in S2 Table).

   In order to control for health, we include a measure of self-assessed
   physical health (Would you say your health is: (1) poor, (2) fair, (3)
   good, (4) very good, and (5) excellent), and whether drugs for sleeping
   problems, anxiety or depression are taken.

Well-being and mental health indicators

   Well-being can be defined as the psychological balance point between
   individually available resources and challenges [26] and may be linked
   to many different aspects of life. In order to develop national
   well-being measures, the Office for National Statistics in the UK ran a
   public debate on the question through various platforms [27]. The three
   most frequent answers to the question “What things matter most in your
   life? What is Well-being?” were “Health”, “Having good connections with
   friends and relatives”, and “Job satisfaction (and economic security)”
   [28]. Many empirical studies report a link between socioeconomic
   status, quality and quantity of social contacts, and well-being [17].
   In our study, we use a broad set of measures to map respondents’
   well-being: a simple single-item question regarding life satisfaction;
   the CASP-12 multi-item quality of life scale; a single-item question on
   social support network satisfaction; and the EURO-D depressive symptoms
   scale. In the following, we will discuss the three measures in more
   detail. We also use measures of health, education, and financial status
   as controls in our analyses [29,30].

   The first measure concerns a general feeling about the quality of life,
   the stated Life satisfaction. It is extracted by a single-item question
   in which respondents indicate on a scale from 0 (low satisfaction) to
   10 (high satisfaction) how satisfied they are with their life. This
   scale has acceptable reliability and validity [31,32].

   The second measure is the CASP-12, quality of life scale, which is
   designed to capture quality of life in old age [33]. Participants
   indicate for twelve statements whether they apply on a scale from 1
   (often) to 4 (never). The twelve questions concern four dimensions of
   quality of life, control, autonomy, pleasure and self-realization,
   resulting in an aggregate index ranging from 12 (low quality of life)
   to 48 (high quality of life). We normalize it such that it ranges from
   0 (low quality of life) to 10 (high quality of life).

   The third measure concerns the stated Network satisfaction. Respondents
   indicate on a scale from 0 (low satisfaction) to 10 (high satisfaction)
   how satisfied they are with their social network. If respondents
   indicated that there is no person with whom they discuss matters or
   there is no one who is important to them, they were asked how satisfied
   they were with this fact.

   The fourth measure is the EURO-D depression score [34]. It is an
   indicator for depressive symptoms and captures aspects of mental health
   in late life. It has been demonstrated to provide a valid comparison of
   depressive symptoms across European countries [35,36]. The EURO-D
   depression score is generated from questions on 12 dimensions:
   Depression, pessimism, suicidality, guilt, sleep, interest,
   irritability, appetite, fatigue, concentration, enjoyment, and
   tearfulness. Respondents are asked whether there is an indication for
   each of these dimensions. It results in an aggregate index ranging from
   0 (not depressed) to 12 (very depressed). We normalize it such that it
   ranges from 0 (very depressed) to 10 (not depressed) and call it Lack
   of depressive symptoms.

   Fig 1 presents the average of the well-being measures at each age until
   91 (see S1 Fig for the age distribution). While network satisfaction
   and life satisfaction remain relatively stable, the quality of life
   index and lack of depressive symptoms index decline beyond age 65. The
   graphs for male and female respondents are rather similar, except for
   the lack of depressive symptoms index; male respondents have on average
   a 0.73 points higher index (p<0.01, Mann-Whitney-U test; S2 Fig).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Average well-being and mental health measure.

   Average well-being and mental health measure for all ages from 50 to 90
   years. After age 91 the number of available observations drops to less
   than 50.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.g001

Social support networks

   A social support network can be characterized by its size and
   composition (percentage of partner, children, other relatives, and
   friends in the network) and relational dynamics. In Wave 4, the SHARE
   respondents are asked to answer questions about their social support
   network along the dimensions (1) size, (2) relationship, (3) contact
   frequency, (4) proximity, and (5) closeness.

   In order to identify the members of their social support network, the
   respondents were asked to mention the name of persons with whom they
   discuss important matters. The total number of persons in the social
   support network is its size. It is possible to mention up to seven
   persons, however this boundary is only mentioned if it is reached. Only
   3% of the respondents reach this boundary. Most respondents state one,
   two or three persons as members of their social support network (28%,
   25%, and 20% of the respondents, respectively). Evidence suggests that
   the number of network members is positively linked with life
   satisfaction [37], but that in old age the network is reduced to
   members with close contact [38]

   The composition of a network refers to the relationship type between
   each member. A person who has daily contact with two children and a
   person who has daily contact with two friends have a social support
   network of equal size and contact frequency, however, they have a
   different main source of social support. In a meta-analysis, Pinquart
   and Sörensen [17] provide evidence that the quantity of social contacts
   with friends is more strongly related with subjective well-being than
   the quantity of social contacts with family. They argue that friends
   are voluntary relationships, and they are typically members of the same
   age group or share similar preferences. Still, especially in older age,
   spouses and children are a crucial part of networks. Later in life,
   parents desire open communication, but low interference in each other’s
   lives thereby maintaining independence in old age and minimizing
   intergenerational conflicts [39]. Brandt et al. [40] analyzed the type
   of support between older parents, their children and professional
   providers. They found that children play a central role in providing
   help for their parents in the household and with paperwork. In Southern
   Europe, they are more likely to also take over regular medical care.
   There can also be differences within family structures. Shanas [41]
   provides evidence that the immediate family (partner and children) is
   the major social support during illness, and the extended family
   (children, siblings, and other relatives) is the tie to the community.

   There are different ways to determine these different types of
   networks. One way is to construct network types, in which people are
   similar along family status (e.g. marital status, number of children
   and close relatives) and network measures (e.g. number of close
   friends, frequency of contact with family and friends, and frequency of
   attending social events). Commonly, there are four to five network
   types identified which differ in their relationship with well-being and
   mental health [15,42–44]. Another way to determine network types is to
   use only characteristics of the social network as criterion variables
   and control for family status separately. Litwin and Stoeckel [16] use
   size, composition and relational dynamic measures of the network and
   identify six networks (Spouse, Children, Spouse and Children, Other
   Family, Friend, and Other). They show that the network types are
   related differently to quality of life and that the frequency of the
   network types differs across European countries. We will follow a
   different approach, using only network composition to determine network
   types (i.e., the relative relevance of spouses, children, friends and
   others). We calculate network types for each country separately, taking
   cultural differences in network compositions into account. We chose
   this approach, because we want our network types to be directly linked
   to the family background variables whose associations with well-being
   we are interested in, and we control separately for contact frequency,
   emotional closeness and geographical proximity. In this way, we aim to
   identify how, for example, a Children network relates to well-being
   compared to a Friends network, conditional on controlling for frequency
   and closeness etc.

   We classify the possible relationships into five categories: (1)
   Partner, (2) Children, (3) Other Relatives, (4) Friends, and (5)
   Others. Each of these categories comprises all types of relationships
   related to the category itself, i.e. the category Partner also includes
   the relationship “mother/father in law”. The relationship share of each
   category in the network of a respondent is measured by the sum of the
   occurrence of the category divided by the network size. For each
   respondent, the relationship shares of all relationship categories sum
   to one. We use the relationship share to determine country-specific
   support network types according to the main source of social support.
   The respondents who indicate that there is no person with whom they
   discuss important matters are excluded. For the remaining respondents,
   we use hierarchical clustering with the Ward [45] method to determine
   clusters which are similar with respect to the relationship shares. We
   choose to cut at six clusters and label them Partner, Children, Other
   Relatives, Family, Friends, and Diverse network. Using five clusters
   would not allow us to distinguish between the Friends and the Diverse
   network. Using more than six clusters does not provide an additional
   distinct network type for all countries for the five relationship
   categories used.

   For each country, a cluster is labelled as Partner, Children, Other
   Relatives, Friends or Diverse network if the mean of the relationship
   share (averaged over all people in the cluster) of the category
   Partner, Children, Other Relatives, Friends and Other is higher in that
   cluster than in all other clusters, respectively. The labeling of the
   clusters would mostly be unaffected if it were instead determined by
   the highest mean relationship share (averaged over all people in the
   cluster) within a cluster, i.e., comparing across relationship type.
   Additionally, we include a cluster for Family networks. The Family
   network is the cluster with the highest sum of Partner share plus
   Children share plus Other Relatives share, excluding the clusters which
   are defined as Partner, Children, or Other Relatives network.

   Apart from size and composition, a network is also characterized by
   relational dynamics such as geographical proximity, contact frequency
   and interpersonal closeness. Frequent contact with one’s children
   appears to be associated with less depressive symptoms, albeit
   irrelevant of geographical proximity [4]. Closeness with the support
   network member affects the quality of the relationship. The number of
   close network members with frequent contact is positively related to
   less depressive symptoms [46]. Especially elderly people rely on
   members of their immediate family (partner and children) during illness
   [41]. SHARE provides different questions for these relational dynamics,
   which we use as controls in our analysis.

   For contact frequency, the respondent is asked about the amount of
   contact with each person in his social support network over the last 12
   months. The possible answers are (1) daily, (2) several times a week,
   (3) about once a week, (4) about every two weeks, (5) about once a
   month, (6) less than once a month, and (7) never. We recode such that
   the measure ranges from 0 (never) to 6 (daily). As an overall measure
   of the amount of network contact of a respondent, we take the average
   over the answers for each person in his network and call it contact
   index. E.g., if the result is 6 it means that the respondent has daily
   contact with all persons in his network. If it is less than 6, he must
   have less than daily contact with at least some member of the network.

   Similar measures are constructed for proximity and closeness. The
   respondent is asked how far the person lives and how close he feels to
   the person. The categories for closeness are (0) not very close (1)
   somewhat close (2) very close (3) extremely close; and for proximity
   (0) more than 500km, (1) 100km to 500km, (2) 25km to 100km, (3) 5km to
   25km, (4) 1km to 5km, and (5) less than 1km. The averages over the
   respective answers for each person in the respondent’s network are the
   closeness index and proximity index. Information on the correlation of
   marriage, the number of children, social network dimensions and
   well-being measures is given in S3 Table. We observe that the
   correlations between features of the family status (e.g., married) and
   the respective network is positive but far from perfect. That is, both
   people with and without children may indicate that their social support
   network may predominantly consist of their partner (and similarly for
   the other network types).

Results

Association of marital status and parenthood with well-being and mental
health

   We present results in an aggregated way to illustrate the relevant
   patterns, and the robustness of the results with regards to confounding
   factors. Table 1 shows the associations of the three dimensions of
   well-being and mental health with family status (number of children,
   number of resident children, number of grandchildren and marital
   status) for all respondents (Panel I), male respondents (Panel II), and
   female respondents (Panel III), over all countries including country
   fixed effects (further country specific analyses are reported below).
   The table shows the raw means for each well-being measure conditional
   on each explanatory variable. Comparing the raw mean values for the
   well-being measures gives an impression of the effects sizes of each
   explanatory variable. However, we indicate the significance of each
   comparison based on regression analyses of the dependent measure on the
   explanatory variables; the excluded category in the regression analyses
   is indicated in italics in the table. We show the significance level of
   the variable and the direction of the association, for the regressions
   including controls A and B, respectively. For each set of analyses, we
   also indicate the sample size of the raw means, which varies across
   analyses because of the variation in the number of respondents in the
   different modules of the SHARE surveys. We use ordinary least squares
   for all four measures for its ease of interpretation. Detailed results
   for each regression are in S4–S6 Tables.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for
   all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t001

   Overall we observe that marriage is consistently positively correlated
   with well-being and lack of depressive symptoms, which already provides
   evidence in favor of hypothesis i) from the introduction. We find that
   children are positively correlated with well-being and lack of
   depressive symptoms. However, our analyses show that this overall
   positive association is due to children after they left home: we find
   negative effects for the number of resident children. This pattern is
   consistent with the prediction of hypothesis ii) concerning the effect
   of non-resident children. Grandchildren correlate positively with life
   satisfaction and network satisfaction, but negatively with quality of
   life and lack of depressive symptoms, which gives us a mixed picture on
   the overall role of grandchildren compared to the prediction in
   hypothesis ii). While there are some differences in specific
   correlations, the overall picture is very similar for male and female
   respondents. Controlling for differences between the countries by
   conducting separate regressions for each country individually also does
   not qualitatively change the results (see S7 Table). However, there is
   clearly heterogeneity in the sense that we observe many null effects
   next to those effects replicating the overall effects shown in Table 1.

   Taken together, the results of Table 1 confirm findings of previous
   studies [1–4,10,47] for the current large multi country SHARA data set.
   Focus on the age cohort of people 50 years old and older allows us to
   identify different associations for children at home, children who left
   home already, and grandchildren. Given the consistency with previously
   observed patterns for the direct family status measures, we have a
   solid foundation for studying the broader role of family in through
   social networks corresponding to the different family background
   measures.

Distribution of social network types

   Table 2 presents the means of the network size, the composition
   measures, and relational dynamic measure of each category. For the
   distribution of the network size for each network type see S3 Fig. The
   Partner network is a rather distinct type. It consists only of the
   partner, i.e. has a size of one, and on average has a contact index
   close to the maximum. Respondents which are associated with a partner
   network typically feel extremely or very close with their partner,
   resulting in the highest closeness index of all network types.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Network characteristics by social network types.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t002

   The share of children in the network is highest for the Children
   network and the Family network. In both networks the second main source
   of support is the partner, emphasizing the importance of marital
   status. The Children and Family network differ in terms of the means of
   the relationship indices and network size, while the average contact
   and closeness shares are quite similar. The Other Relatives, Friends,
   and Diverse network types appear to be similar in terms of average
   contact, closeness and proximity.

   We have shown that network size, as well as contact, proximity, and
   closeness indices differ across network types on average (see Table 2).
   Fig 2 presents the full distribution of the contact index for each
   network type (for the corresponding graphical representations of the
   proximity and closeness indices, see S4 and S5 Figs). Even network
   types which are rather similar with respect to the average contact
   index such as the children and family networks, are rather different
   with respect to the individual distribution of the network contact
   index. This means that the actual composition of the different contact
   categories in the individual social network is different for each
   network type. Furthermore, the impact of contact, closeness, and
   proximity could differ, depending on the composition of a given network
   type: Higher self-reported closeness might, for example, denote a
   different depth of emotional connection in a Partner, compared to a
   Friends network. We therefore include the contact, closeness, and
   proximity indices as individual controls.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Distribution of the contact index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.g002

   Table 3 presents the means of gender, age and family status and the
   number of observations for the different network types. There are 3% of
   the respondents who report to have no network. The No network type and
   Children network type are associated with the lowest share of
   respondents who are married. Most respondents who have no children are
   associated with the Other Relatives, the Friends, or the No network
   type. For the means of further demographic variables see S12 Table.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Family status by social network types.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t003

Association of social networks with well-being and mental health

   We can now turn to the relationship between network characteristics and
   well-being and mental health measures. Table 4 compares well-being and
   mental health for respondents who have a social support network, and
   those who have no network at all. We use the different network types as
   explanatory variable, and include network size, family status variables
   (as in Table 1), and socioeconomic variables as controls. We do not
   control for relational dynamics, because these measures are not defined
   for those who have no social support network. For the detailed
   regression results see S8–S10 Tables and for the raw means conditional
   on network size see S11 Table.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 4. Regressing well-being and mental health on social support
   network types; controlling for network size and family status for all
   countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t004

   In accordance with hypothesis iii), all network types relate positively
   to measures of well-being, for both males and females, even after
   controlling for family structure. The effect is consistently observed
   for Life satisfaction and Network satisfaction. For CASP-12 the effect
   is observed for Partner and Friends network types for male respondents
   and for Partner, Family and Friends network types for female
   respondents. Interestingly, the positive relationship with Children
   network and Lack of depressive symptoms mostly emerges only after
   inclusion of the full set of controls. Network size is positively
   related to all measures of well-being [37]. The results obtained in
   this network analysis support the broader relevance of family through
   the resulting networks for well-being and mental health as postulated
   in hypotheses i) and ii).

   We next compare the different network types with each other, accounting
   for variation of the relational indices across the different network
   types. Table 5 shows the results confined to respondents who indicated
   the presence of some social support network. For the detailed
   regression results see S12–S14 Tables. The excluded category of the
   network type is the Partner network, which had consistently strong and
   significant associations in Table 4, and is taken as a benchmark here.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 5. Regressing well-being and mental health on social support
   network types (only for respondents with a social network); controlling
   for network size, relational dynamic measures, and family status for
   all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t005

   We find that for Life satisfaction, CASP-12, and Lack of depressive
   symptoms, the more diverse networks have typically weaker associations
   than the Partner network, with the exception of the Friends network for
   CASP-12. In contrast, Network satisfaction is consistently higher for
   all other networks, except for the Diverse network. Note, that this
   emerges despite controlling for network size, contact, closeness and
   proximity index. Fiori et al. [42] pointed out that support quality is
   an important factor for depressive symptoms. We find consistently that
   the closeness and contact measure is positively correlated with mental
   health and well-being. However, we observe a negative relationship of
   mere proximity with well-being and mental health. While for the
   associations with family status no relevant gender differences were
   observed, we observe that associations with network types differ for
   male and female respondents. For male respondents in most cases the
   effects of the network types are not significantly different from the
   Partner network. For the females, the above discussed associations show
   up significantly.

Discussion

   Reflecting the results presented in the previous section in terms of
   our three research hypotheses, the following implications for the
   well-being and mental health of people aged 50 and above emerge: i)
   There appears to be a strong positive association of being
   married/having a partner as part of a social network. ii)
   Non-residential children also relate positively to well-being and
   mental health. On the other hand, the effect of grandchildren in
   general appears to be mixed. While they may be associated with higher
   life and network satisfaction, the same does not appear to hold for
   depressive symptoms and perceived quality of life. iii) We find clear
   evidence of positive relationhips of all types of social networks with
   our measures of well-being, over and beyond the respective underlying
   family status indicators. Hence, a simple focus on family status
   measures, not accounting for the resulting network structures, misses
   important aspects of the relationship of family and well-being and
   mental health.

   In contrast to negative associations reported in many studies (for an
   overview see Hansen [7], or the discussion in Nelson et al. [48] and
   Herbst and Ifcher [9]), we find that children are indeed positively
   correlated with well-being and lack of depressive symptoms, when
   controlling for residential status (resident children are negatively
   associated with well-being). This result is consistent with
   age-dependence in the correlation of children with well-being [1,10]
   and mental health [4,47]. The results suggest that the finding of a
   negative link between children and well-being and mental health may not
   generalize to older people whose children have often left home already.
   As stress associated with balancing the competing demands of childcare,
   work and personal life decreases, once people get older and their
   children leave house, the importance of children as caregivers and
   social contacts might prevail. The mixed effect of grandchildren is
   more difficult to explain. Potentially, there are positive effects of
   having grandchildren in terms of social support that might coincide
   with negative aspects, such as having to care for these grandchildren
   [49,50]. As the SHARE data set only provides us with rudimentary
   information about grandchildren (there is for example no information
   about the residency of them), we cannot shed more light on the relation
   between grandchildren and well-being, as well as mental health.

   We observe that all types of networks have positive associations with
   our dependent measures. Network characteristics such as size,
   closeness, contact frequency and proximity are also relevant indicators
   of well-being and mental health. For male respondents in most cases the
   effects of the network types are not significantly different from the
   Partner network. For female respondents, on the other hand, we observe
   more cases where associations of well-being and mental health with the
   Partner network type are significantly different from those for the
   other network types. Overall we find that especially the Partner
   network is consistently positively correlated with well-being and
   mental health, despite the small network size of 1. This is in contrast
   to Litwin and Stoeckel [16,51], who found that the Spouse network is
   not significantly related to well-being. However, importantly, because
   we control for network size separately, positive associations with size
   are captured by this variable. A remarkable feature of the findings in
   Table 4 is that network characteristics are positively associated with
   well-being and mental health even after controlling for the above-shown
   associations with family status indicators. That is, a healthy partner
   network captures more than just being married, as do other types of
   networks. This fits previous results, suggesting that it is not being
   married per se, but being satisfied with the relationship that is
   associated with less depressive symptoms [47,52]. Kim and McKenry also
   report both, a positive relationship of well-being with being married,
   and an additional role for the perceived quality of the marriage on top
   of that [53]. Our research extends these previous studies, by
   demonstrating the role of both the presence of a partner and the
   associated network, where the partner actively provides social support.
   As the size of a social network seems to be an important driver of
   subjective well-being [54], this could indicate that a small partner
   network can offset the lack of a larger social network. Unfortunately,
   a limitation of our present study is that besides general network
   satisfaction, the SHARE data set has no more fine-grained questions for
   the quality of marriages/partnerships.

   Taken together, our results suggest that social networks may be
   important for well-being and mental health in old age. Spouses,
   partners and children are often the basis of long-lasting social
   networks, which can provide social support to elderly people. However,
   different forms of network may have similar effects, as our data
   especially for male respondents suggests. As discussed above, this
   might derive from a level of trust and reciprocity implicit in all
   forms of networks. A remaining limitation of our study is of course
   that the results are correlational in nature. Further studies,
   comparing for example well-being and mental health before and after the
   formation of partnerships or social networks in longitudinal data are
   needed to establish which factors cause the positive effects found here
   and in the literature. Furthermore, research suggests that there is an
   important link between social support obtained from social networks and
   subjective well-being [54,55]. Subjective well-being is commonly
   measured with questions concerning life satisfaction, positive affect
   (experiencing positive emotions), and negative affect (experiencing
   negative emotions). As the SHARE data set only measures life
   satisfaction, we cannot draw a complete picture of the effects of
   family status and social networks on broader measures of subjective
   well-being.

   Networks may exert an influence on the person’s life beyond the mere
   role of the corresponding family status, for example by moderating
   influences of the environment on well-being. The direct association of
   family status with well-being and mental health may not capture such
   effects. Importantly, the current insights need to guide further
   research, with the next step being the assessment of the causal
   direction of the reported associations. This will allow moving towards
   making recommendations for public policy to maintain the well-being and
   mental health of the elderly through social networks.

Supporting information

S1 Fig. Age distribution.

   Percent of male (female) respondents for each age.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s001

   (TIF)

S2 Fig. Average well-being and mental health measure, by gender.

   Average well-being and mental health measure for all ages from 50 to 90
   years for male and female respondents. Male: black lines, Female: grey
   lines. After age 91 the number of available observations drops to less
   than 50.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s002

   (TIF)

S3 Fig. Network size by network type.

   The size of a bar reflects the share of respondents in a network type
   having a network of size 0 to 7.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s003

   (TIF)

S4 Fig. Distribution of the proximity index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s004

   (TIF)

S5 Fig. Distribution of the closeness index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s005

   (TIF)

S1 Table. Number of observations and unfolding income brackets per country.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s006

   (DOCX)

S2 Table. Summary statistics of demographic variables.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s007

   (DOCX)

S3 Table. Correlation of family status, social network characteristics,
well-being and mental health.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s008

   (DOCX)

S4 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, all respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s009

   (DOCX)

S5 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, male respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s010

   (DOCX)

S6 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, female respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s011

   (DOCX)

S7 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for each
country.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s012

   (DOCX)

S8 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, all
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s013

   (DOCX)

S9 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, male
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s014

   (DOCX)

S10 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, female
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s015

   (DOCX)

S11 Table. Well-being and mental health measures conditional on network size
over all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s016

   (DOCX)

S12 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, all respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s017

   (DOCX)

S13 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, male respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s018

   (DOCX)

S14 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, female respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s019

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   This paper uses data from SHARE Waves 1, 2, and 4, (DOIs:
   10.6103/SHARE.w1.600, 10.6103/SHARE.w2.600, 10.6103/SHARE.w4.600), see
   Börsch-Supan et al. [19] for methodological details. For funding of
   SHARE, see the Funding section.

   We thank Luisa Kling for her excellent research assistance, as well as
   Christian König-Kersting and Martin Vollmann for comments that greatly
   improved the manuscript.

References

    1. 1. Mastekaasa A. Marital Status, Distress, and Well-Being: An
       International Comparison. Journal of Comparative Family Studies.
       1994;25: 183–205.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Bures RM, Koropeckyj-Cox T, Loree M. Childlessness, parenthood,
       and depressive symptoms among middle-aged and older adults. Journal
       of Family Issues. 2009;30: 670–687.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Gibney S, Delaney L, Codd M, Fahey T. Lifetime Childlessness,
       Depressive Mood and Quality of Life Among Older Europeans. Social
       Indicators Research. 2017;130: 305–323.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Buber I, Engelhardt H. Children’s impact on the mental health of
       their older mothers and fathers: findings from the Survey of
       Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe. European Journal of
       Ageing. 2008;5: 31–45. pmid:28798560
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Evenson RJ, Simon RW. Clarifying the Relationship between
       Parenthood and Depression. Journal of Health and Social Behavior.
       2005;46: 341–358. pmid:16433280
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Hansen T, Slagsvold B, Moum T. Childlessness and Psychological
       Well-Being in Midlife and Old Age: An Examination of Parental
       Status Effects across a Range of Outcomes. Social Indicators
       Research. 2009;94: 343–362.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Hansen T. Parenthood and Happiness: a Review of Folk Theories
       Versus Empirical Evidence. Social Indicators Research. 2012;108:
       29–64.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Manuel JI, Martinson ML, Bledsoe-Mansori SE, Bellamy JL. The
       influence of stress and social support on depressive symptoms in
       mothers with young children. Social Science & Medicine. 2012;75:
       2013–2020. pmid:22910191
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Herbst CM, Ifcher J. The increasing happiness of US parents.
       Review of Economics of the Household. 2016;14: 529–551.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Margolis R, Myrskylä M. A Global Perspective on Happiness and
       Fertility. Population and Development Review. 2011;37: 29–56.
       pmid:21714198
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Cobb S. Social support as a moderator of life stress.
       Psychosomatic medicine. 1976;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Definition of social support—NCI Dictionary of Cancer
       Terms—National Cancer Institute [Internet]. 23 Oct 2018 [cited 6
       Nov 2018]. Available:
       https://web.archive.org/web/20181023124317/https://www.cancer.gov/p
       ublications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/social-support
   13. 13. Wasserman S, Faust K. Social network analysis: Methods and
       applications. Cambridge university press; 1994.
   14. 14. Pearson JE. The Definition and Measurement of Social Support.
       Journal of Counseling & Development. 1986;64: 390–395.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Litwin H, Shiovitz-Ezra S. Social Network Type and Subjective
       Well-being in a National Sample of Older Americans. The
       Gerontologist. 2011;51: 379–388. pmid:21097553
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Litwin H, Stoeckel KJ. Confidant Network Types and Well-Being
       Among Older Europeans. The Gerontologist. 2014;54: 762–772.
       pmid:23749390
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Pinquart M, Sörensen S. Influences of Socioeconomic Status,
       Social Network, and Competence on Subjective Well-Being in Later
       Life: A Meta-Analysis. Psychology and Aging. 2000;15: 187–224.
       pmid:10879576
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Litwin H. Social Networks and Well-being: A Comparison of Older
       People in Mediterranean and Non-Mediterranean Countries. The
       Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social
       Sciences. 2010;65B: 599–608. pmid:20008485
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Börsch-Supan A, Brandt M, Hunkler C, Kneip T, Korbmacher J,
       Malter F, et al. Data Resource Profile: The Survey of Health,
       Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE). International Journal of
       Epidemiology. 2013;42: 992–1001. pmid:23778574
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Börsch-Supan A, Brandt M, Litwin H, Weber G (Eds). Active
       ageing and solidarity between generations in Europe: first results
       from SHARE after the economic crisis 2013. De Gruyter: Berlin;
       2015.
   21. 21. Malter F, Börsch-Supan A (Eds). SHARE Wave 4: Innovations &
       Methodology. Munich: MEA, Max Planck Institute for Social Law and
       Social Policy. 2013;
   22. 22. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 4. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w4.600
   23. 23. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 1. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w1.600
   24. 24. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 2. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w2.600
   25. 25. Hoffmeyer-Zlotnik JHP, Wolf C, editors. International Standard
       Classification of Education, ISCED 1997. Advances in Cross-National
       Comparison: A European Working Book for Demographic and
       Socio-Economic Variables. Boston, MA: Springer US; 2003. pp.
       195–220. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4419-9186-7_10
   26. 26. Dodge R, Daly A, Huyton J, Sanders L. The challenge of defining
       wellbeing. International Journal of Wellbeing. 2012;2: 222–235.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Matheson J. Measuring What Matters: National Statistician‘s
       Reflections on the National Debate on Measuring National
       Well-being. London: Office for National Statistics. 2011;
   28. 28. Evans J. Findings from the National Well-being Debate. London:
       Office for National Statistics. 2011;
   29. 29. Diener E, Suh E. Measuring Quality of Life: Economic, Social,
       and Subjective Indicators. Social Indicators Research. 1997;40:
       189–216.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Knesebeck OVD, Wahrendorf M, Hyde M, Siegrist J. Socio-economic
       position and quality of life among older people in 10 European
       countries: results of the SHARE study. Ageing and Society. 2007;27:
       269–284.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Pavot W, Diener E. The Affective and Cognitive Context of
       Self-Reported Measures of Subjective Well-Being. Social Indicators
       Research. 1993;28: 1–20.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Beckie TM, Hayduk LA. Measuring Quality of Life. Social
       Indicators Research. 1997;42: 21–39.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. Hyde M, Wiggins RD, Higgs P, Blane DB. A measure of quality of
       life in early old age: The theory, development and properties of a
       needs satisfaction model (CASP-19). Aging & Mental Health. 2003;7:
       186–194. pmid:12775399
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Prince MJ, Reischies F, Beekman ATF, Fuhrer R, Jonker C, Kivela
       S-L, et al. Development of the EURO–D scale–a European Union
       initiative to compare symptoms of depression in 14 European
       centres. British Journal of Psychiatry. 1999;174: 330–338.
       pmid:10533552
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Castro-Costa E, Dewey M, Stewart R, Banerjee S, Huppert F,
       Mendonca-Lima C, et al. Ascertaining late-life depressive symptoms
       in Europe: an evaluation of the survey version of the EURO-D scale
       in 10 nations. The SHARE project. International Journal of Methods
       in Psychiatric Research. 2008;17: 12–29. pmid:18286461
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Prince MJ, Beekman ATF, Deeg DJH, Fuhrer R, Kivela S-L, Lawlor
       BA, et al. Depression symptoms in late life assessed using the
       EURO–D scale. Effect of age, gender and marital status in 14
       European centres. British Journal of Psychiatry. 1999;174: 339–345.
       pmid:10533553
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Tomini F, Tomini SM, Groot W. Understanding the value of social
       networks in life satisfaction of elderly people: a comparative
       study of 16 European countries using SHARE data. BMC Geriatrics.
       2016;16. pmid:27905902
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Fung HH, Carstensen LL, Lang FR. Age-Related Patterns in Social
       Networks among European Americans and African Americans:
       Implications for Socioemotional Selectivity across the Life Span.
       The International Journal of Aging and Human Development. 2001;52:
       185–206. pmid:11407486
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Blieszner R, Mancini JA. Enduring Ties: Older Adults’ Parental
       Role and Responsibilities. Family Relations. 1987;36: 176.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Brandt M, Haberkern K, Szydlik M. Intergenerational Help and
       Care in Europe. European Sociological Review. 2009;25: 585–601.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Shanas E. The Family as a Social Support System in Old Age. The
       Gerontologist. 1979;19: 169–174. pmid:263596
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Fiori KL, Antonucci TC, Cortina KS. Social Network Typologies
       and Mental Health Among Older Adults. The Journals of Gerontology
       Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences. 2006;61:
       25–32. pmid:16399938
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Li T, Zhang Y. Social network types and the health of older
       adults: Exploring reciprocal associations. Social Science &
       Medicine. 2015;130: 59–68. pmid:25681715
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Litwin H. Social network type and health status in a national
       sample of elderly Israelis. Social Science & Medicine. 1998;46:
       599–609.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Ward JH. Hierarchical Grouping to Optimize an Objective
       Function. Journal of the American Statistical Association. 1963;58:
       236.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Oxman TE, Hull JG. Social Support, Depression, and Activities
       of Daily Living in Older Heart Surgery Patients. The Journals of
       Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences.
       1997;52B: P1–P14. pmid:9008671
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Hank K, Wagner M. Parenthood, Marital Status, and Well-Being in
       Later Life: Evidence from SHARE. Social Indicators Research.
       2013;114: 639–653.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Nelson SK, Kushlev K, English T, Dunn EW, Lyubomirsky S. In
       Defense of Parenthood: Children Are Associated With More Joy Than
       Misery. Psychological Science. 2013;24: 3–10. pmid:23201970
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Gerard JM, Landry-Meyer L, Roe JG. Grandparents raising
       grandchildren: The role of social support in coping with caregiving
       challenges. The International Journal of Aging and Human
       Development. 2006;62: 359–383. pmid:16739469
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Leder S, Grinstead LN, Torres E. Grandparents raising
       grandchildren: Stressors, social support, and health outcomes.
       Journal of Family Nursing. 2007;13: 333–352. pmid:17641112
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Litwin H, Stoeckel KJ. Social networks and subjective wellbeing
       among older Europeans: does age make a difference? Ageing and
       Society. 2013;33: 1263–1281.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Gove WR, Hughes M, Style CB. Does marriage have positive
       effects on the psychological well-being of the individual? Journal
       of health and social behavior. 1983; 122–131. pmid:6886367
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Kim HK, McKenry PC. The relationship between marriage and
       psychological well-being: A longitudinal analysis. Journal of
       family Issues. 2002;23: 885–911.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Wang X. Subjective well-being associated with size of social
       network and social support of elderly. Journal of health
       psychology. 2016;21: 1037–1042. pmid:25104778
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Siedlecki KL, Salthouse TA, Oishi S, Jeswani S. The
       Relationship Between Social Support and Subjective Well-Being
       Across Age. Soc Indic Res. 2014;117: 561–576. pmid:25045200
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Mental health and psychiatry
       Is the Subject Area "Mental health and psychiatry" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Social networks
       Is the Subject Area "Social networks" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Children
       Is the Subject Area "Children" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Human families
       Is the Subject Area "Human families" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Depression
       Is the Subject Area "Depression" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Quality of life
       Is the Subject Area "Quality of life" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Behavioral and social aspects of health
       Is the Subject Area "Behavioral and social aspects of health"
       applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Socioeconomic aspects of health
       Is the Subject Area "Socioeconomic aspects of health" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of chemical
pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States

     * Michael DiBartolomeis ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Michael DiBartolomeis, Susan
       Kegley
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis,
       Investigation, Methodology, Validation, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: mjd@toxicologistint.com
       Affiliation Toxicology Research International, Haiku, Hawaii,
       United States of America
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0003-0618-2581
       ⨯
     * Susan Kegley ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Michael DiBartolomeis, Susan
       Kegley
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis,
       Investigation, Methodology, Writing – original draft
       Affiliation Pesticide Research Institute, Inc., Santa Rosa,
       California, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Pierre Mineau,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa,
       Ontario, Canada
       ⨯
     * Rosemarie Radford,
       Roles Data curation
       Affiliation Pesticide Research Institute, Inc., Santa Rosa,
       California, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Kendra Klein
       Roles Funding acquisition, Project administration, Resources,
       Supervision
       Affiliation Friends of the Earth US, Berkeley, California, United
       States of America
       ⨯

An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of chemical
pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States

     * Michael DiBartolomeis,
     * Susan Kegley,
     * Pierre Mineau,
     * Rosemarie Radford,
     * Kendra Klein

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: August 6, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Fig 2
   Table 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4
   Fig 5
   Fig 6
   Fig 7
   Fig 8
   Fig 9
   Table 3

Abstract

   We present a method for calculating the Acute Insecticide Toxicity
   Loading (AITL) on US agricultural lands and surrounding areas and an
   assessment of the changes in AITL from 1992 through 2014. The AITL
   method accounts for the total mass of insecticides used in the US,
   acute toxicity to insects using honey bee contact and oral LD[50] as
   reference values for arthropod toxicity, and the environmental
   persistence of the pesticides. This screening analysis shows that the
   types of synthetic insecticides applied to agricultural lands have
   fundamentally shifted over the last two decades from predominantly
   organophosphorus and N-methyl carbamate pesticides to a mix dominated
   by neonicotinoids and pyrethroids. The neonicotinoids are generally
   applied to US agricultural land at lower application rates per acre;
   however, they are considerably more toxic to insects and generally
   persist longer in the environment. We found a 48- and 4-fold increase
   in AITL from 1992 to 2014 for oral and contact toxicity, respectively.
   Neonicotinoids are primarily responsible for this increase,
   representing between 61 to nearly 99 percent of the total toxicity
   loading in 2014. The crops most responsible for the increase in AITL
   are corn and soybeans, with particularly large increases in relative
   soybean contributions to AITL between 2010 and 2014. Oral exposures are
   of potentially greater concern because of the relatively higher
   toxicity (low LD[50]s) and greater likelihood of exposure from residues
   in pollen, nectar, guttation water, and other environmental media.
   Using AITL to assess oral toxicity by class of pesticide, the
   neonicotinoids accounted for nearly 92 percent of total AITL from 1992
   to 2014. Chlorpyrifos, the fifth most widely used insecticide during
   this time contributed just 1.4 percent of total AITL based on oral
   LD[50]s. Although we use some simplifying assumptions, our screening
   analysis demonstrates an increase in pesticide toxicity loading over
   the past 26 years, which potentially threatens the health of honey bees
   and other pollinators and may contribute to declines in beneficial
   insect populations as well as insectivorous birds and other insect
   consumers.

   Citation: DiBartolomeis M, Kegley S, Mineau P, Radford R, Klein K
   (2019) An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of
   chemical pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States.
   PLoS ONE 14(8): e0220029. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029

   Editor: Simone Tosi, University of California San Diego, UNITED STATES

   Received: June 27, 2018; Accepted: July 8, 2019; Published: August 6,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 DiBartolomeis et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: All relevant data are within the paper, its
   Supporting Information files, and or can be accessed with the URLs
   (E.g., USGS data) provided in the reference section.

   Funding: This study was funded by Friends of the Earth U.S. (FOE). MD,
   SK, RR, and PM received research fees as contractors to FOE. KK is a
   staff scientist at FOE. SK and RR are paid employees of the Pesticide
   Research Institute (PRI). The specific roles of these authors are
   articulated in the “author contributions.” The funders did not have any
   additional role in the study design, data collection and analysis,
   decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.

   Competing interests: KK is a staff scientist at Friends of the Earth.
   MD is the Principal Scientist of Toxicology Research International
   (TRI), which is a Sole Proprietorship. SK is the Principal Scientist
   and CEO of Pesticide Research Institute (PRI) and RR is a Staff
   Scientist at PRI. This does not alter adherence to PLOS ONE policies on
   sharing data and materials. There are no patents, products in
   development, or marketed products to declare.

Introduction

   Insects form the basis of the food web that sustains life on Earth.
   They are critical to ecosystem success, providing food for amphibians,
   fish, birds, reptiles, and mammals. Insects play a role in decomposing
   animal wastes and dead vegetation, recycling the nutrients in these
   materials and returning them to the soil. Insects also contribute to
   the agricultural production of crops that feed humankind, both as the
   primary pollinators of many plants and as natural controls of pest
   insects that feed on crops important to human survival. A diverse
   population of insects benefits agriculture by keeping a balance between
   predatory and pest insects and providing pollination services [1].

   Insecticides targeting crop-damaging pests reduce both the number and
   diversity of insects in an ecosystem [2]. With conventional farming
   practices relying primarily on chemical insecticides for pest insect
   management, ecosystems comprising US agricultural lands are highly
   impacted through both direct effects on insects and direct and indirect
   effects on other species [3]. Although many members of the ecosystem
   may not be exposed to sufficient doses of insecticides to suffer
   acutely lethal poisonings, sublethal and indirect adverse effects have
   been demonstrated to occur [4].

Insecticide use patterns in the US

   The types of synthetic insecticides applied to agricultural lands have
   fundamentally shifted over the last two decades from predominantly
   organophosphorus and N-methyl carbamate insecticides to substantially
   lower amounts of organophosphorus compounds along with a substantial
   increase in neonicotinoids and a modest increase in pyrethroids (Fig
   1). Petroleum derivatives such as mineral oil and inorganics such as
   kaolin clay, lime-sulfur, cryolite, and borates remain as some of the
   primary lower-toxicity chemical classes of insecticides in current use,
   with little change over time.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Change in use of insecticide chemical classes in the US
   (1992–2014).

   Data source: US Geological Survey pesticide use estimates for the US
   [5–7].

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g001

   These changes in use patterns reflect the outcome of US Environmental
   Protection Agency (US EPA) re-registration of pesticides mandated by
   the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996 and the development of new
   pesticide chemistries targeting different receptors in insect
   physiology to combat resistance in pest species [8]. These changes have
   almost certainly altered the toxicity landscape for insects. In
   general, systemic pesticides, in particular the neonicotinoids, are now
   one of the preferred or most readily available and economically
   efficient class of insecticides used in conventional agriculture
   practices in rotation with carbamate, pyrethroid, and
   organophosphorus-containing pesticide products, many of which are still
   registered for use in the US. The organophosphorus and N-methyl
   carbamate classes of pesticides are highly toxic to insects but are not
   especially persistent in the environment, with half-lives ranging from
   several days to several weeks [9, 10]. Neonicotinoids, like
   organophosphates and N-methyl carbamates, are neurotoxicants that
   target the central nervous system by binding to nicotinic acetylcholine
   receptors leading to overstimulation and paralysis. However,
   neonicotinoids generally pose lower acute hazards to mammals and
   greater toxicity to insects due to their differential binding abilities
   to invertebrate and vertebrate cholinergic receptors (Table 1) [11].
   The nitro-substituted neonicotinoids, including imidacloprid,
   thiamethoxam, and clothianidin (which is also a metabolite of
   thiamethoxam), are the most frequently used neonicotinoids and tend to
   have measurably greater persistence than the organophosphorus,
   carbamate, and pyrethroid insecticides, with half-lives of 39 to 174
   days in soils (see S1 Appendix for the source information of these
   data). In addition, the neonicotinoids exhibit higher water solubility,
   leading to greater exposure potential for insects consuming pollen,
   nectar, guttation water, or plant tissue or aquatic insects exposed to
   runoff containing these pesticides [12]. On the other hand, lipophilic
   chemicals would tend to accumulate more in the lipid components of
   pollen and bee bread [13].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Top ten most acutely toxic insecticides to honey bees by the
   oral route.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t001

   Although the neonicotinoids are highly toxic to insects, their effects
   are not confined to insects. For example, recent analyses indicate that
   insectivorous bird declines observed in the Netherlands and France
   appear to be associated with the use of neonicotinoid insecticides in
   the field or as seed treatments [14, 15]. Another review of the direct
   and indirect ecosystem effects of insecticides linked impaired growth
   in fish to reductions in invertebrate prey due to imidacloprid and
   fipronil use and linked reductions in lizard species to the effects of
   fipronil on termite prey [3]. Surface waters in agricultural areas have
   been shown to contain concentrations of neonicotinoids that exceed
   acute and chronic “invertebrate aquatic life benchmarks” and toxicity
   thresholds (e.g., no observed effect concentrations or NOEC) for
   aquatic life [16, 17].

   Long-term pest control often suffers from pesticide application since
   beneficial predatory insects that consume pest insects are susceptible
   to insecticide exposure and often not as quick to rebound [18–20].
   Prophylactic use of neonicotinoids as seed treatments in corn, soy, and
   other crops has risen in recent years; research has shown that this use
   has potentially damaged predatory beneficial insect populations and
   disrupted integrated pest management (IPM) programs [21].

Honey bees as an indicator species of ecotoxicity

   Honey bees are the most well studied indicator of insect health in US
   agricultural lands and surrounding areas. Because they are economically
   important for crop pollination, honey production, and wild plant
   pollination, the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) tracks
   colony counts and honey production in the US [22]. The honey bee (Apis
   mellifera) is generally considered to be relatively sensitive to
   pesticides when compared to other bee species [23] and has historically
   been used as an indicator for ecotoxicological testing. However, there
   has also been some concern that the honey bee is not a good indicator
   for other bees or other beneficial insects because of species
   differences in autecology and sensitivity [24]. Information is being
   developed on the toxicity of insecticides to pollinators other than
   honey bees, notably bumble bees (Bombus species) and several solitary
   bee species. However, to date, data are only available for a small
   proportion of active ingredients, and tests have not been standardized.
   Heard et al. developed a “standardized” toxicity test system to compare
   the relative sensitivity between bee species in terms of a pesticide’s
   toxic potency and the time needed for the onset of toxicity [24].
   Although there were significant inter-species differences that varied
   through time, overall, the magnitude of these differences was generally
   within an acceptable two-fold range.

   A recent meta-analysis of paired toxicity data from the same sources
   demonstrated a high variability of sensitivity among bee species
   (Max/Min ratio from 0.001 to 2085.7) [23]. However, an extrapolation
   factor of 10 applied to honey bee toxicity endpoints was sufficiently
   protective in 95 percent of cases, and the honey bee tended (as shown
   by a median value of ratios) to be slightly more sensitive than the
   paired test species. Sanchez-Bayo and Goka regressed Bombus LD[50]
   values against Apis LD[50] values and concluded that the susceptibility
   of both genera was similar when exposed by the oral route [25].
   However, the honey bee was found to be more sensitive than bumble bees
   by the contact route even after correcting for weight. It is clear that
   the susceptibility of any one insect species could be substantially
   different from another.

   In our work, we use honey bee toxicity as an indicator for other bees
   and beneficial insects in US agricultural land because the available
   data appear to demonstrate that the honey bee is sensitive to the
   toxicity of chemical pesticides and has the most comprehensive data set
   available for insects. Until more data on other insects become
   available, the use of the honey bee as an indicator for other species
   is a reasonable approach to show how insecticide toxicity loadings have
   changed over time.

   The toxicity database on honey bees is compiled from test results
   submitted by pesticide manufacturers (“registrants”), academic
   researchers, and other independent research institutes. In order to
   register (license) a pesticide product in the US, applicants for
   registration must satisfy several criteria specified in the Federal
   Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) including but not
   limited to the product’s toxicity in a variety of biological systems,
   its fate and impact on the environment, and for certain pesticide
   products, proof of its performance (efficacy) [26]. Acute lethality
   (LD[50]) testing in honey bees is required under FIFRA, however, field
   tests are only required on a rarely invoked case-by-case basis. Despite
   these limitations and data gaps, the acute toxicity data base (LD[50]s)
   for honey bees is sufficient to allow for a comparative screening
   analysis of acute insecticide toxicity loading in the environment.

Assessing the acute toxicity loading of insecticides on US agricultural land
and surrounding areas

   An assessment of changes in the types and amounts of insecticides used
   over time and consideration of potential environmental impacts is
   illuminating. We present here a method for assessing the Acute
   Insecticide Toxicity Loading (AITL) on US agricultural lands and
   surrounding areas for terrestrial insects using toxicity data for the
   honey bee as an indicator for all arthropods. We developed the AITL
   method in order to allow for a screening level analysis of the
   historical loading of pesticides onto agricultural land and surrounding
   areas over the past two decades and as a metric for evaluating their
   potential for causing detrimental impacts on beneficial insects such as
   pollinators and other non-target species.

   Recently, researchers in Great Britain published a comparable method
   [27]. In this work, the authors investigated the occurrence of changes
   in the mass of pesticides used, the area sprayed, and the total number
   of honey bees that could potentially be killed in Great Britain in the
   period covering 1990 to 2015. Our AITL analysis is an internally
   consistent estimate, which accounts for the total mass of toxic
   pesticides applied in the US and to specific crops and the acute
   toxicity of each pesticide to the honey bee. However, unlike the
   previously published method, the AITL also accounts for pesticide
   persistence in the environment (i.e. dissipation rate in field). The
   AITL values were calculated by chemical class, by individual chemical
   for the top chemicals contributing to the loading, and by crop groups
   as defined in the US Geological Survey (USGS) pesticide use database
   [5–7].

   We believe the incorporation of persistence (e.g., as measured by
   half-life in the field and/or soil) of pesticides in this analysis is
   crucial to understanding the long-term and cumulative ecosystem
   toxicity beyond the initial pesticide application to a crop. For
   example, although organophosphorus insecticides are highly toxic to
   insects, they generally have half-lives less than 30 days and do not
   present a long-term hazard for insects. This characteristic allows for
   the mitigation of the risk to pollinators through application timing
   that avoids periods of bloom. In contrast, neonicotinoid residues from
   seed treatments may be found in the soil for months or even years after
   planting [12, 28]. For example, neonicotinoid insecticides applied on
   coated seeds [18], mature citrus trees [29], or as soil drenches [12]
   on annual crops have been found to be effective at killing insects more
   than 50 days from treatment or planting of treated seeds. For perennial
   crops such as trees and vines, insecticidal efficacy can last for
   months up to a few years under certain conditions [30].

   To account for persistence, similar to the methods used to estimate the
   dose of a drug [31], we estimated pesticide loading to the US
   agricultural land and surrounding areas as the area under the curve of
   degradation/dissipation of pesticides over time. We assumed typical
   first-order kinetics, which is used by US EPA to estimate pesticide
   degradation (see Methods).

   The AITL analysis does not account for toxicity effects other than
   lethality or for synergistic effects from co-application of different
   active ingredients. The analysis also does not provide specific
   information on actual exposures experienced by insects in the
   environment nor on the timing and mode of pesticide application or the
   dissipation of the pesticide into the environment. Therefore, the AITL
   is not a standard risk assessment method (i.e., estimating the
   probability of harm) based on quantified actual or predicted exposure.

   We propose that the AITL could be used as a screening tool by providing
   year-to-year comparison of toxicity loading over time, measuring change
   in the potential toxicity of chemicals released into the environment,
   predicting potential impacts of new insecticides being considered for
   registration, and for surveying insecticide use and impacts on
   agricultural land. In this paper, we apply our AITL methodology to
   analyze how acute toxicity loading for insects in US agricultural land
   and surrounding areas changed between 1992 and 2014 and to identify the
   pesticidal chemical classes, the specific chemical active ingredients,
   and the crops that contributed most to these changes.

Methods

Pesticide use data

   Pesticide use data were obtained from USGS and include foliar, soil,
   and seed treatment uses of pesticides [5–7] from 1992–2014. USGS
   reports agricultural pesticide use at the county level, which are based
   on farm surveys of pesticide use and estimates of harvested crop acres.
   Data collected after 2014 were not included, since the data collection
   methods no longer incorporate pesticides used as seed treatments. USGS
   developed two estimates: the “EPest High” estimate that interpolated
   for missing data and the “EPest Low” estimate which simply assumed zero
   use if data were missing. We used the EPest High data for our
   assessment because it provides a more complete and realistic
   quantitative description of pesticide use in the US. It should be noted
   that data are missing from this data set for insecticides used on
   soybean crops between 1998 and 2003 because this question was omitted
   in grower surveys (USGS, personal communication). Also, pesticides for
   which no environmental half-life or either oral or contact honey bee
   LD[50] values were available were not included in the analysis.

   Nationwide, data on acres treated with different pesticides do not
   exist for the time period in question, but approvals for new use of
   systemic insecticides on cropland can be tracked via tolerance
   decisions published in the Federal Register [32]. We determined acres
   that could legally be treated using the USDA National Agricultural
   Statistics Service acres planted data from the Census of Agriculture
   (Fig 2) [22]. By this measure, the acres of US cropland that could be
   treated with neonicotinoids have increased every year, with large
   increases in potential use when approvals were obtained for
   high-acreage commodity crops like corn, soybeans, cotton, wheat, and
   alfalfa. As noted previously, seed coatings comprise the largest
   contribution to increasing use [33], although studies do not
   consistently demonstrate economic benefits to farmers from insecticidal
   seed treatments [34].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Crop acreage in the US on which neonicotinoid insecticides could
   legally be used based on 2007 data for acres planted.

   Data source: US Federal Register notices, US Environmental Protection
   Agency 1992–2017 [32].

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g002

Toxicity and environmental persistence data

   In calculating the AITL, we used honey bee contact (often referred to
   in the literature as topical) and oral LD[50] values as an indicator
   for pesticide toxicity to insects, referred to as AITL[C] and AITL[O],
   respectively. Honey bee LD[50] values for registered insecticides were
   obtained from a variety of sources and are provided in the supporting
   materials that accompany this publication (S1 Appendix). The database
   for LD[50]s is a compilation of data publicly available from several
   databases managed by government agencies, academic institutions, and
   independent research institutes worldwide. Values generated for the
   technical grade active ingredient were used preferentially, although
   data obtained with formulations were used if technical grade active
   ingredient LD[50]s were not available. Toxic degradates were included
   in the analysis if the degradate was also a registered pesticide and
   the AITL[C] of the parent pesticide was greater than or equal to (≥)
   0.1 percent of the total AITL[C] for the period 1992–2014. In practice,
   this criterion excluded all but clothianidin produced from the
   degradation of thiamethoxam, where 35.6 percent of applied thiamethoxam
   degrades to clothianidin within 90 days [35]. This portion of
   clothianidin was analyzed separately for source clarity.

   Excluded from the analysis were known low acute toxicity inorganic
   pesticides (e.g., cryolite, sulfur), low acute toxicity petroleum
   derivatives (e.g., mineral oil), microbial pesticides (e.g., Bacillus
   thuringiensis), and low-use (<5,000 kg over the time period 1992–2014)
   pesticides. The only high-use, potentially higher toxicity pesticide
   for which LD[50] values could not be found is phostebupirim
   (tebupirimphos), which excluded it from the analysis [36]. A range of
   LD[50] values for honey bees has been reported for some pesticide
   active ingredients, and for some we have concerns over the quality of
   the data. In order to consistently and comparably select LD[50]s to use
   in our analysis, we developed a set of explicit rules which we applied
   in the selection process (Table 2). These rules were used independently
   for both contact and oral toxicity values.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Guidelines used in selecting LD[50] values from multiple
   sources of data.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t002

   Aerobic half-lives for pesticide chemicals were obtained from several
   sources. The preferred source was the Pesticide Properties Database
   (PPDB) field half-life [37]. If a field half-life value was not
   available in the PPDB, we used the soil half-life from this database.
   If any half-life value for a chemical was not available from the PPDB
   database, the aerobic half-life from the California Department of
   Pesticide Regulation Status Reports for the Pesticide Contamination
   Prevention Act [9] was used.

Acute toxicity loading for insects

   Our approach provides a general measure of acute toxicity loading of
   insecticides on US agricultural land and surrounding areas, assuming
   insects are exposed to pesticides released to the environment through
   direct contact with contaminated surfaces, water, or food or through
   ingestion of contaminated food or water. Different insects will have
   different exposures depending on their habitat, behaviors, and food
   sources; however, across years, exposures for different types of
   insects will be comparable. However, as noted previously, this analysis
   does not include actual or estimated exposure doses, nor does it factor
   in timing and mode of pesticide application. Therefore, the AITL method
   would best be described as a screening analysis that can identify or
   predict potential environmental impacts.

   Honey bee lethality is the measure of toxicity used to assess AITL.
   This analysis was developed for both contact toxicity (AITLc) and oral
   toxicity (AITLo). The AITL[C] calculation provides the number of
   toxicity loading units (TLU) applied to a crop for each pesticide by
   dividing the mass of chemical applied (in μg) by the honey bee contact
   LD[50] (in μg/bee) (the first term in Eq 1 below) to give the number of
   honey bee LD[50]’s released to the environment. This value is then
   modified by the half-life of the chemical (in days), assuming exposure
   continues as long as the chemical is present, with degradation governed
   by the half-life of the chemical and the dose expressed as the area
   under the curve of concentration versus time (second term in Eq 1).
   Because the AITL values obtained are on the order of 10^12–10^18, a
   scaling factor of 10^−15 is included to scale the values for plotting
   the results. The same method of calculation is applied for AITLo (Eq
   2).
   [journal.pone.0220029.e001] (1) [journal.pone.0220029.e002] (2)

   Toxic degradates are known for some pesticide active ingredients.
   However, because environmental half-lives were not available for most
   of these compounds they were not included in the analysis. Those
   degradates with known toxicity (e.g., malaoxon, the degradate of
   malathion) might contribute to overall acute toxicity, although we
   determined that most known degradates would contribute only a
   negligible amount to the overall toxicity loading of the parent
   compound. The one exception as noted previously is clothianidin, which
   is a metabolite of thiamethoxam; our analysis accounts for this
   conversion in the environment because it contributes a measurable level
   of toxicity relative to the parent compound.

   We estimated pesticide loading on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas as the area under the curve of degradation/dissipation of
   pesticides over time, assuming typical first-order kinetics, as
   recommended by US EPA in its guidance [38]. While degradation rates
   vary depending on a number of factors, the first-order assumption is
   widely used for estimating pesticide concentrations in the environment
   over time, and this appears to be an appropriate assumption for the
   neonicotinoid insecticides [39, 40]. An example theoretical degradation
   curve for imidacloprid, with a half-life of 174 days, is shown in Fig
   3. In this example, on Day Zero (application day), the available dose
   is 150 honey bee LD[50]s. On Day One, 149 honey bee LD[50]s still
   remain, with the potential for concomitant toxic effects to insects. On
   Day 174, 75 honey bee LD[50]s remain in the environment. Ninety-seven
   percent of the imidacloprid is degraded at five half-lives (870 days or
   2.4 years). The total integrated environmental toxicity loading level
   over time can be calculated as the area under the curve. Therefore, we
   define AITL as the area under the curve in number of honey bee
   LD[50]-days, representing the total exposure potential for arthropods
   (both terrestrial and aquatic) over the degradation period.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Theoretical degradation curve for imidacloprid following
   first-order kinetics with a half-life of 174 days.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g003

   For pesticides used as seed treatments, our analysis assumes that
   insect exposure from contact with treated crops would include dust
   drift to field-side plants during seed planting (which can be
   considerable) resulting in both contact and oral exposure, and oral
   exposure from consuming pollen, nectar, guttation droplets, or plant
   tissue from the treated crop [12]. In addition, application of the
   seeds to soil would result in exposure of the soil entomofauna and
   migration to waterways would result in exposures for aquatic insects.
   This is a simplifying assumption, which may or may not overestimate
   actual insecticide doses received by honey bees and other beneficial
   insects from seed treatments, depending on the specific circumstances.
   Based on a “residue per unit dose” estimation, it appears that seeding
   results in higher contamination of insects than an equivalent spray
   application but, due to the lower per hectare (or acre) rates of
   application for seed treatments, a comparable level of contamination in
   non-target arthropods can be expected [41]. Because the AITL is
   intended to be used as a screening level assessment for comparative and
   surveillance purposes, the inclusion of seed treatment applications is
   a reasonable approach. Further refinement of this method or other
   analyses would be required before making policy or regulatory decisions
   based on seed insecticide treatments alone.

Results

AITL calculations by chemical class

   A comparison of AITLs calculated for different pesticide groupings
   demonstrates that insecticides contribute nearly 100 percent of the
   acute toxicity loading on honey bees and other beneficial insects of
   pesticides applied to agricultural land and surrounding areas in the US
   compared to herbicides, fungicides, and others (results not shown).
   Based on these preliminary calculations, we determined that the
   insecticides as a class represent the primary acute toxicity loading to
   insects in the environment. Therefore, no further analysis was
   conducted on the other pesticide groups.

Acute contact toxicity.

   AITL values were calculated for insecticidal active ingredients
   comprising several chemical classes for both acute contact (AITL[C])
   and acute oral (AITL[O]) toxicity on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas in the US. Fig 4 presents the relative AITL[C] values from 1992
   to 2014 for six chemical classes as well as a miscellaneous category
   for contact acute toxicity (LD[50]s). From 1992, the first year
   included in our assessment, to 2014, the acute toxicity loading of
   pesticides in US agricultural land and surrounding areas based on
   AITL[C] increased by 3.8-fold.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by chemical
   class, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g004

   In the first decade of analysis, between 1992 and 2003, the AITL[C] is
   the result of predominantly four classes of chemicals, the
   organophosphorus (43.4 percent on average), pyrethroid (28.5 percent on
   average), pyrazole (9.4 percent on average), and neonicotinoid (11.1
   percent on average) insecticides. Although neonicotinoids had been
   introduced in 1994, our analysis indicates that the relative loading of
   this group of insecticides into the environment began to increase
   dramatically starting in about 2004 when the relative loading of the
   organophosphorus insecticides began to decrease. In 2004, the relative
   contribution of the neonicotinoids (27.8 percent) based on AITL[C]
   surpassed that of the organophosphorus insecticides (22.0 percent) for
   the first time. By 2014, the relative contribution of neonicotinoids on
   the environmental toxicity loading via contact was 6.5 times greater
   than that of the organophosphorus insecticides. Pyrethroid insecticides
   contributed to the overall AITL[C] relatively consistently from 1992 to
   2014 (28.5 percent on average, range of 26.5 to 36.1 percent). Pyrazole
   insecticides (fipronil) contributed a smaller proportion of overall
   acute contact toxicity loading between 1992 and 2014 (6.2 percent) with
   the largest contribution occurring in a 12-year span from 1998 to 2010
   (11.7 percent on average, range of 4.4 to 23.0 percent)[42], when its
   use on corn was cancelled [42]. The other insecticide classes analyzed
   contributed relatively small amounts to the overall AITL[C] of
   insecticide use on the environment.

Acute oral toxicity.

   On the basis of the acute oral toxicity loading (AITL[O]), the acute
   toxicity loading of insecticides in agricultural land and surrounding
   areas in the US was 48 times higher in 2014 compared to 1992. The
   AITL[O] shows a vastly different trend in terms of relative chemical
   classes over the same 23 year time period compared to AITL[C] (Fig 5).
   Although the organophosphorus insecticides comprised the majority of
   the acute toxicity loading between 1992 and 1994 (69 percent on
   average), from 1995 to 2014 the neonicotinoids comprise the majority
   (greater than 55 percent) of the overall AITL[O] on the environment.
   The pyrazoles contributed on average 7 percent of the total AITL[O]
   between 1998 and 2010 (range of 27 percent in 2002 to 1.7 percent in
   2010), which is consistent with the analysis for acute contact toxicity
   (Fig 4). The relatively greater potential impact of the neonicotinoids
   on the environment based on the oral toxicity data is due to the
   relatively long environmental persistence of these chemicals and their
   high level of toxicity (i.e., relatively low LD[50]s) to honey bees and
   other insects via the oral route (Table 1).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 5. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by chemical
   class, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g005

Overall toxicity.

   In terms of absolute toxicity loading, the combined AITL[C] for all
   chemical classes for acute contact toxicity increased by a factor of
   about 3.9 between 1992 and 2014 with the neonicotinoids contributing 60
   percent of the total toxicity loading in 2014. However, the potential
   impact of the neonicotinoids is far more dramatic when looking at the
   absolute toxicity loading of all classes of insecticides based on the
   oral route of exposure. As noted above, the combined AITL[O] for acute
   oral toxicity from all classes of insecticides increased by 48-fold
   from 1992 to 2014, with the neonicotinoids representing nearly 99
   percent of the total acute oral toxicity loading in 2014.

AITL calculations for active ingredients

   In order to determine which active ingredients contributed the majority
   of acute toxicity loading on agricultural land and surrounding areas in
   the US between 1992 and 2014, we calculated AITLs for individual
   chemicals representing the most toxic, persistent, and heavily used
   active ingredients in several chemical classes. AITL[C] and AITL[O]
   calculations for individual chemicals are presented in Figs 6 and 7,
   respectively.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 6. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by active
   ingredient, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g006
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 7. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by active
   ingredient, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g007

Acute contact toxicity.

   With respect to AITL[C] from 1992 to 2014, imidacloprid (20.0 percent)
   and chlorpyrifos (18.6 percent) comprise the two individual active
   ingredients with the most potential impact (Fig 6) over the 23-year
   period. Other individual insecticide active ingredients contributing a
   large proportion to the overall acute contact toxicity loading include:
   bifenthrin (11.2 percent), clothianidin (7.6 percent), cypermethrin
   (6.0 percent), fipronil (5.5 percent), cyfluthrin (3.8 percent),
   permethrin (2.7 percent, not shown in Fig 6), thiamethoxam (2.5
   percent), spinosad (1.7 percent, not shown in Fig 6), and clothianidin
   from thiamethoxam (1.5 percent). The remaining “other” insecticide
   active ingredients combined comprise 11.6 percent of the total acute
   contact toxicity loading over the 23-year period.

   The AITL[C] for imidacloprid from 1995 to 2014 appears to demonstrate
   three defined time periods where there is stepwise increase in relative
   AITL[C] contribution. Prior to 1995, imidacloprid does not contribute
   relevant TLU to the overall total. The first phase from 1995 to 2003
   indicates that imidacloprid contributed an average of 1,595 ± 344 TLU
   per year for an average contribution of 11.5 percent. The second phase
   from 2004 to 2009 indicates that imidacloprid contributed an average of
   3,441 ± 765 TLU per year for an average contribution of 18.5 percent.
   Finally, the third phase of increased imidacloprid use (2010–2014)
   indicates that this active ingredient contributed an average of 10,288
   ± 1,140 TLU per year for an average contribution of 32.6 percent. The
   other two neonicotinoids that contribute to the total AITL[C]
   (summation of TLU for all active ingredients for all years) in the
   23-year period are thiamethoxam and clothianidin (both as a registered
   active ingredient and as a degradation product). The increasing trend
   in use and contribution to the total AITL[C] begins in about 2004 for
   both chemicals, peaking in 2014 (the last year in our analysis) at 9.1
   and 2.5 percent contribution to the total, respectively. The post-2004
   increases in TLU described above is consistent with the increase in use
   of neonicotinoids for seed treatment at that time.

   On the other hand, the chlorpyrifos AITL[C] remains relatively constant
   from year-to-year over the 23 year time period with an average of 3,490
   ± 810 TLU. However, when computing the contribution of chlorpyrifos to
   the total AITL[C] from year-to-year, there is a steady downward trend
   of relative contribution. The peak contribution of chlorpyrifos to the
   total AITL[C] is in 1993 (42.3 percent) and the lowest relative
   contributions occur from 2011 to 2014 (approximately 8 percent per
   year), with a gradual decline over the 23 year period.

   Fipronil, a pyrazole insecticide, contributed a large proportion to the
   overall AITL[C] from 1998 to 2005, with an average contribution of 14.5
   ± 3.0 percent over this time period. After 2005, the use and
   contribution of fipronil declined rapidly because its conditional
   registration for use on corn was cancelled in 2010 [42], so that by
   2012, the contribution was minimal (less than 0.5 percent). Four
   pyrethroid active ingredients bifenthrin, permethrin, zeta
   cypermethrin, and cyfluthrin, also contribute to the overall AITL[C],
   contributing 11.2, 2.7, 6.0, and 3.8 percent over the 23-year period
   respectively. Individually, these active ingredients show some
   consistency of use and toxicity loading over the time period.
   Permethrin shows a steady downward trend after 2001, whereas cyfluthrin
   and zeta cypermethrin remain somewhat consistent from year-to-year.
   Bifenthrin, on the other hand, shows a large jump in use and toxicity
   loading contribution after 2009, with average percent contributions
   from 1992 to 2009 of 6.3 ± 2.6 and from 2010 to 2014 of 17.0 ± 2.4.
   This increase is largely due to increases in use of bifenthrin on corn,
   cotton, and soybeans[5–7].

Acute oral toxicity.

   With respect to AITL[O], chlorpyrifos follows a similar trend from 1992
   to 2014 as seen for acute contact toxicity with a more dramatic
   decrease in relative contribution over this time period (Fig 7). Over
   the 23-year period, the AITL[O] for chlorpyrifos averaged 676 ± 157 TLU
   per year with more toxicity contribution from 1992 to 2000 (841 ± 94
   TLU) per year than from 2001–2014 (569 ±76 TLU) per year. However, the
   relative AITL[O] shows a steady decrease from the peak contribution of
   28.6 percent in 1993 to the lowest contributions of less than 0.5
   percent from 2010 to 2014. After 2003, the relative contribution of
   chlorpyrifos to the total AITL[O] averaged only 0.8 percent per year.
   For all 23 years combined, chlorpyrifos contributed 1.4 percent (15,545
   TLU) to the overall AITL[O].

   The trend in AITL[O] from 1992 to 2014 for the neonicotinoids (Fig 7)
   is more complicated than seen for the AITL[C] (Fig 6). The contribution
   of imidacloprid begins in 1994 and continues through 2014, loading
   502,699 TLU (46.0 percent of the total TLU loading for all
   insecticides) into the ecosystem over this time period. In the 21-year
   period of imidacloprid use, there is a steady and marked increase in
   the absolute contribution of this active ingredient from year-to-year.
   In 1994, the AITL[O] was 750 TLU, by 2003 it was 10,124 TLU and in 2014
   it was 69,831 TLU. The relative contribution of imidacloprid to the
   total annual AITL[O] over the same 21-year time period shows more
   variation. From 1995 through 2004, the average relative contribution of
   imidacloprid to AITL[O] was 64.1 ±7.8 percent followed by a decrease in
   relative contribution from 2005 to 2014 to 43 ± 6 percent.

   The decline in the relative contribution of imidacloprid after 2004 is
   the result of the introduction of two other neonicotinoids,
   thiamethoxam and clothianidin, after 2000 and 2003, respectively. As
   the use of these two neonicotinoids increased, the relative
   contribution of imidacloprid to the total AITL[O] decreased. However,
   it is important to understand that the absolute contribution of the sum
   of these active ingredients has actually increased dramatically over
   this time period, and the trend suggests that this increase in acute
   toxicity loading on US agricultural land and surrounding areas will
   continue after 2014 as more acres of cropland and additional crops are
   treated with these insecticides. The absolute AITL[O] of thiamethoxam
   increased from 315 TLU in 2002, to 3,882 TLU in 2008, to 7,700 TLU in
   2014. The absolute toxicity loading of clothianidin is more pronounced,
   with a steady and sharp annual increase observed from 2004 to 2014.
   Clothianidin as an active ingredient contributed 8,928 TLU in 2004,
   23,352 in 2008, and 80,083 TLU in 2014. Total clothianidin toxicity
   loading (active ingredient plus degradation product) is 10,632 TLU in
   2004, 28,949 TLU in 2008, and 91,185 TLU in 2014. The absolute
   contribution of thiamethoxam and clothianidin (total) to the total
   AITL[O] of all insecticides from 1992 to 2014 was 500,527 TLU or 45.8
   percent of the total.

   The three neonicotinoid insecticide active ingredients combined
   accounted for 1,003,226 TLU from 1994 to 2014, and for the entire
   23-year period, contributed 91.8 percent of the total AITL[O] of all
   insecticides in the US. By contrast, fipronil, which is the next most
   widely used insecticide active ingredient from 1992 to 2014,
   contributed 3.1 percent. As noted earlier, chlorpyrifos, which is the
   fifth most widely used insecticide active ingredient, contributed only
   1.4 percent of the total AITL[O] in the US over the 23-year period.

AITL calculations on the basis of agricultural crops

   The primary crops responsible for the preponderance of AITL[C] summed
   over the 23-year period are corn (33.3 percent) and soybeans (15.2
   percent), followed by cotton (13.9 percent), vegetables and fruit (12.9
   percent), orchards and grapes (11.4 percent), alfalfa (4.5 percent),
   and wheat (4.0 percent) (Fig 8). Comparably, for AITL[O], the primary
   crops of importance are corn (43 percent) and soybeans (19.3 percent),
   followed by vegetables and fruit (13.3 percent), cotton (9.0 percent),
   orchards and grapes (9.0 percent), and wheat (3.9 percent) (Fig 9).
   Collectively, crops other than those listed above (“other” crops)
   comprise 4.7 and 2.6 percent of the AITL[C] and AITL[O], respectively.
   Although there is some consistency in the relative contributions of the
   crops to the acute contact and oral toxicity loading, the absolute
   toxicity loading is much greater for oral acute toxicity. Overall, the
   total AITL[O] for crops is 1,094,226 TLU whereas for AITL[C] the total
   is 383,456 TLU, or approximately one-third of the AITL[O], which is
   likely due to the greater toxicity of these insecticides via the oral
   route.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 8. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by crop,
   1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g008
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 9. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by crop,
   1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g009

   The USGS data set includes pesticides used as foliar sprays, seed
   treatments, and soil applications, but does not provide a breakdown of
   pounds used via different application methods. For corn, soy, and
   cotton, seed treatments are a primary route of application and comprise
   the largest contribution to increasing use [33]. Foliar uses are
   increasing. In 2014, there were 33 registered pesticide products
   containing imidacloprid for use on corn in the US; four of them
   approved for foliar uses [32]. For soybeans, there were 85 currently
   registered imidacloprid products with 54 approved for foliar uses. For
   cotton, there were 93 currently registered imidacloprid products with
   63 approved for foliar uses.

   According to the USGS, between 1998 and 2003, the survey methods used
   to collect the raw data for pesticide use on crops did not include a
   field for collecting data on insecticide application to soybean crops.
   Therefore, the data between 1998 and 2003 for soybeans are for
   herbicide application only. In 2004, USGS resumed surveying insecticide
   use on soybeans because it became a higher priority. The impact of this
   data gap is not known, but it likely would lead to a quantifiable
   underestimate of the relative total toxicity loading of insecticide use
   on soybean crops from 1992 to 2014. Interpolating the missing data is
   beyond the scope of our work.

Discussion and conclusions

Potential impacts of insecticide loading

   A decline of pollinating insects is occurring worldwide [43], with
   negative effects for pollination of many domestic crops [44]. Several
   interacting factors appear to be involved, including declines in
   natural and diverse habitat and food supplies resulting from
   agricultural land use intensification, the prevalence of parasites and
   pathogens, exposure to chemical pesticides used predominantly in
   agriculture, and environmental impacts due to changes in climate [43,
   45]. The impact of pesticides, in particular the neonicotinoids, on
   pollinator declines has received the most attention recently. For
   example, researchers in Great Britain used a comparable methodology to
   ours to show that potential honey bee deaths (the total number of
   LD[50]doses applied to arable farmland) has increased six-fold to
   approximately 3 x 10^16 bees over the past two decades in that country
   [27]. The authors attributed this result to the increasing use of
   neonicotinoids from 1994 to 2016. Likewise, despite its simplicity, the
   AITL analysis presented in this paper provides additional information
   in support of the hypothesis that the use of neonicotinoids on
   agricultural land and surrounding areas may play a primary role in the
   decline of insects in the US.

   The AITL calculations might also be used as an analytic tool to predict
   future impacts of newly registered pesticide products by inputting
   anticipated pesticide use and toxicity to insects, then accounting for
   the half-life to estimate the relative potential increase in toxic
   loading to beneficial insects and other non-target species in the
   ecosystem before the product is registered. As a predictive tool, the
   AITL could be helpful in identifying regrettable substitutions before
   products are registered. In agriculture, a regrettable substitution
   might occur when a new pesticide product, which is developed to replace
   a presumably more toxic and more risky product already on the market,
   actually causes greater harm to the environment and non-target species
   than the product it is meant to replace. The AITL analysis presented
   here introduces the concern that the increased use of the neonicotinoid
   class of insecticides, presumably to replace the organophosphorus,
   carbamate, and pyrethroid classes of insecticides could be a case of
   regrettable substitution in relation to the health of beneficial
   insects at least and potentially to other non-target species in the
   environment as well. In other words, this toxicity loading analysis
   indicates that the neonicotinoids are potentially more harmful to
   pollinators and other beneficial insects than originally predicted
   relative to the insecticides it they are presumably replacing.

   We have shown that the introduction and increasing use of the
   neonicotinoids from 1992 to 2014 is the primary reason for the dramatic
   increase in toxicity loading, in relation to pollinators and other
   beneficial insects and non-target arthropod species on US agricultural
   lands and surrounding areas. This is the result of a combination of
   increased use, relative toxicity, and greater persistence of
   neonicotinoids compared to chemical active ingredients used two decades
   ago. For example, in the US, imidacloprid is registered for use to
   control sucking insects, some chewing insects including termites, soil
   insects, and fleas on pets [46]. It may be applied to structures,
   crops, soil, and as a seed treatment as well as a topical treatment for
   animals. In 2016, there were 134 approved residue tolerances for
   imidacloprid, including crops and other applications [47]. In the
   21-year period of imidacloprid use (starting in 1994), there is a
   steady and marked increase in the absolute contribution of this active
   ingredient from year-to-year reflecting its increased use over this
   time span (see Results). In 1994, the AITL[O] was 750 TLU, by 2003 it
   was 10,124 TLU and in 2014 it was 69,831 TLU. If the use of
   neonicotinoids continues to increase as the use of other chemical
   insecticides decreases, then the absolute acute toxicity loading of
   imidacloprid would likely also continue to increase beyond 2014,
   particularly if there is approval of new crop uses of these
   insecticides.

   Although acute insecticide toxicity loading from topical expoures
   (AITL[C]) presents a potential threat to beneficial insects and other
   nontarget species, the acute insect toxicity loading from oral
   exposures (AITL[O]) might present an even greater potential threat.
   This is due to the higher level of toxicity (i.e., lower LD[50]s),
   increased persistence (i.e., longer half-lives), and the potential for
   greater relative exposure via the oral route. In absolute terms, over
   the time period from 1992 to 2014, the total AITL[C] is 383,456 TLU,
   whereas the total AITL[O] is 1,094,226 TLU, which is nearly three times
   greater than the AITL[C.] We found that three neonicotinoid insecticide
   active ingredients (imidacloprid, thiamethoxam, and clothianidin)
   combine to contribute 91.8 percent of the total AITL[O] of all
   insecticides in the US. As noted earlier, chlorpyrifos, which is the
   fifth most widely used insecticide active ingredient, contributed only
   1.4 percent of the total AITL[O] in the US from 1992–2014.

Limitations of the AITL method

   Pesticide use by pounds (kilograms) applied or acres treated does not
   provide a comprehensive estimate of toxicity loading to an ecosystem.
   Factors such as persistence, toxicity, application methods and timing,
   exposure routes, and mechanisms of dissipation from the application
   site all influence the net toxicity experienced by insects in the
   ecosystem. The data needed to do an analysis that incorporates all of
   these factors is largely unavailable.

   As noted previously, the AITL analysis does not account for trends in
   pesticide application in seed treatments nor does it quantify the
   actual or estimated exposure dose of an insecticide after seed
   treatment. In a risk-based approach, omitting these factors may result
   in an overestimation of hazard potential to pollinators and other
   non-target species from exposure to insecticides applied as seed
   treatments. Therefore, a more refined approach would be required to
   estimate actual hazard impacts from seed treatments, in particular for
   the use of neonicotinoids. This level of refinement is difficult but it
   would provide a more accurate assessment of the impact of these
   insecticides on US agricultural land and surrounding areas.
   Furthermore, other factors that contribute to toxicity loading, such as
   the application method and the change in the types of application
   methods used over time, were not evaluated in this analysis. Different
   pesticide application methods (e.g., spray, soil drench, granules,
   coated seeds) result in different exposure potential for aquatic versus
   terrestrial ecosystems, which is not assessed in this analysis. Because
   our analysis does not account for the timing of insecticide
   application, the AITL does not identify “peaks” and “ebbs” in toxicity
   over time relative to the exact time and mode of application. Instead,
   our analysis assumes a steady state from one application to another.
   This simplifying assumption does not affect comparisons of insecticide
   toxicity loading from year-to-year but it does diminish the method’s
   ability to identify specific time periods when toxicity loading might
   be the most damaging to the ecosystem in US agricultural land and
   surrounding areas.

   As is, on the one hand the AITL analysis likely overestimates acute
   toxicity hazard to pollinators and other beneficial insects because of
   the simplifying assumptions used. On the other hand, the AITL analysis
   likely underestimates actual toxicity hazard because it does not
   account for sublethal effects, movement of pesticides offsite, or
   potential synergistic impacts of pesticides used in combination in the
   field. Nevertheless, as a screening tool, the results of an AITL can
   assist regulators in identifying chemicals of concern for further
   evaluation.

Other toxicity concerns

Sublethal toxicity.

   We were limited to using acute lethal toxicity (LD[50]) as an endpoint
   in our AITL analysis because sublethal toxicity studies of pesticides
   in honey bees are currently not required for registration in the US,
   although US EPA has published guidance [48]. Therefore, the LD[50]
   dataset on honey bees is the only insect toxicity data available for a
   large number of pesticides registered for use in the US, which allowed
   us to compare historical trends for all relevant insecticide classes.
   Lethality is at the extreme end of the toxicity spectrum and using
   mortality as the endpoint for the AITL analysis or for risk assessment
   is a blunt instrument for evaluating the impact of pesticides on the
   ecosystem. Because actual toxicity risks to pollinators and other
   non-target species would be higher using sublethal toxicity doses, the
   impacts of pesticides on beneficial insect populations and other
   non-target species is underestimated when limited to using lethal
   doses.

   The AITL analysis can be modified for the input of sublethal toxicity
   doses when data exist. For some of the neonicotinoids, the dataset for
   sublethal effects is adequate to allow for a comparison of the toxic
   effects of these insecticides at high dose levels to the more sensitive
   sublethal effects at lower doses. However, the availability of a robust
   database for pesticide active ingredients is the exception, not the
   rule. Very few studies are available regarding the sublethal effects of
   organophosphorus, carbamate, and organochlorine pesticides on insects,
   so it is difficult to do a comparative analysis with these chemicals.

   In the case of honey bees, reported sublethal effects from
   neonicotinoid exposure in laboratory and field studies include impaired
   reproduction, altered immune function, inability to navigate
   effectively, and behavioral changes in essential colony activities
   leading to decreased colony health and survival [4]. We present a
   listing of sublethal toxicity values (in units of ng/bee) taken from
   representative laboratory and field studies in the published literature
   of neonicotinoids in honey bees in the supporting materials that
   accompany this paper (S2 Appendix). The dose levels reported for
   lethality (LD[50]) when compared to the lowest observed effect
   concentration (LOEC) for sublethal toxicity are noticeably higher
   (Table 3). For imidacloprid, the most heavily used of this class of
   insecticides, the lethal dose for the oral route is 37 times the
   sublethal LOEC and for contact toxicity the lethal dose is 320 times
   the sublethal LOEC. In addition, imidacloprid is also one of the more
   environmentally persistent pesticide active ingredients used today,
   enhancing the potential for sublethal exposures.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Comparison of honey bee LD50’s with sublethal lowest observed
   effect concentrations (LOEC) for neonicotinoids and related compounds.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t003

   The results of an insecticide toxicity loading analysis of sublethal
   toxicity would likely demonstrate that the absolute sublethal TLU for
   the neonicotinoids would be noticeably higher than the AITL, indicating
   a greater overall toxicity loading on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas when compared to the acute TLU calculated from using the LD[50]
   values. The relative toxicity loading contribution of the different
   neonicotinoids might also change, although it would be difficult to
   predict the outcome without doing the calculations. When sublethal
   toxicity data exist, the calculation of the toxicity loading using
   these values rather than LD[50]s would be informative.

Pesticide movement offsite.

   One of the limitations of our AITL analysis is that, while we account
   for total pesticides applied to agricultural land using pesticide use
   estimates published by USGS (see Methods), we cannot quantify
   insecticide toxicity loading in the impact zone beyond the boundaries
   of agricultural land or indeed the greater likelihood of in-field
   exposure to highly systemic and persistent insecticides such as
   neonicotinoids. This omission will tend to underestimate the toxicity
   loading of pesticides on land surrounding agricultural fields and in
   surface water and other waterways distal to the fields. Including
   persistence in this evaluation of overall toxicity is important because
   persistent pesticides have a greater potential and tendency to move
   offsite unchanged into surrounding fields, land, surface water, and
   other waterways outside of the agricultural fields where they are
   directly applied [12, 49].

   Insects in an ecosystem can be exposed to insecticides through a number
   of different routes. Pesticides run off into surface waters with
   precipitation or irrigation, leach into groundwater, and drift as dusts
   or on soil particulates from the application site in the air, affecting
   insects both on and near the application site. Direct insecticide
   application exposes insects on the crop being treated as well as those
   in near-field vegetation [50] waterways [16, 17], and pooled surface
   water [51]. Soil-borne larvae or adult insects can be exposed through
   direct sprays, granular or soil-drench applications, or through
   migration of residues remaining in the soil from the planting of coated
   seeds. Insects consuming pollen or nectar, or sucking or chewing
   insects consuming plants both on and near the application site are
   exposed through oral consumption. Aquatic species living a substantial
   distance from the application site can be exposed through drift and
   runoff from treated fields that contaminates waterways [52].

   While the toxic effects of an insecticide are highest at the
   application site where the concentrations are highest, dissipation
   pathways such as irrigation or rainwater runoff to surface waters can
   carry toxicologically significant amounts of pesticides into waterways.
   For example, surface water contamination has been shown to negatively
   impact beneficial insects and other non-target species [14, 53].
   Because the neonicotinoid insecticides are highly water soluble and
   persistent, their potential for off-site impacts on aquatic organisms
   is high.

   Pesticides in airborne field dust, which is generated during and
   shortly after application to agricultural fields, also presents a
   potentially important source of exposure to beneficial insects. In
   particular, neonicotinoid-treated seeds (e.g., soybean) contain high
   concentrations of neonicotinoids, which when mixed with field dust, can
   move offsite in the air depositing on surrounding land, flowers, and
   other vegetation potentially exposing pollinators and other non-target
   insects [52, 54, 55]. Additionally, soils in fields treated with long
   half-life insecticides year after year may increase in toxicity over
   time, as the insecticide accumulates in the soil [56].

Synergistic effects.

   This analysis is also limited by the fact that virtually all
   environmental toxicology data on pesticide active ingredients are for a
   single chemical only and not for a combination of chemicals. However,
   pesticide products applied to agricultural fields in the US are
   frequently used in combination with other products and chemicals with
   the potential for concurrent and/or sequential exposure to more than
   one chemical on a regular basis. Furthermore, environmental exposures
   to chemicals occur via a variety of pathways (e.g., contact with
   wildflowers and other vegetation, water, soil, air, and bioaccumulation
   in the food chain), often with multiple exposure routes (e.g., oral and
   contact). Generally, beneficial insects such as honey bees are exposed
   to combinations of pesticide products when they contact pollen and
   nectar and other vegetation in the fields [57, 58].

   Combinations of active ingredients and other chemicals (the so-called
   “inerts”) in pesticide products have been measured in honey bees, hive
   wax, wildflowers, and pollen in the US and Europe [59–63]. From these
   and other studies it has been shown that mixtures of neonicotinoids in
   combination with a broad range of other pesticide active ingredients
   and other chemicals have been reported in bees, beehive matrices
   (pollen, nectar, honey, wax), and food sources, in some cases with as
   many as 121 to 150 different chemicals. There is also growing evidence
   that mixtures of chemicals such as insecticides, interactions of bee
   pathogens and parasites, and combinations of these stressors can
   interact together in additive or in a synergistic manner to increase
   morbidity and mortality in bees [63–74].

   Generally, the outcome of mixing chemicals and/or biological agents
   together is nearly impossible to predict with the limitations in
   capability and throughput of the currently available toxicity testing
   methods. The lack of information and knowledge about the behavior and
   toxicity of chemical mixtures in biological systems is important to
   acknowledge, as is the specific impact of these synergistic
   relationships to overall bee and colony health as well as other
   beneficial insects and non-target species. The AITL assessment
   presented here is based on the chemical and toxicological properties of
   individual chemical active ingredients and does not account for
   chemical mixtures. Therefore, any interactions of chemicals in a
   mixture, beyond perhaps simple additivity, would be underrepresented in
   our estimates.

Conclusions

   Based on our analysis of the Acute Insecticide Toxicity Loading (AITL)
   of pesticides applied to US agricultural lands and surrounding areas
   from 1992 through 2014, using honey bees as an indicator species to
   assess toxicity to a wide range of terrestrial insects, we conclude:
    1. The toxicity loading of insecticides on agricultural land and
       surrounding areas has increased by approximately 50-fold over the
       last two decades producing both direct and indirect effects on
       associated ecosystems. Although current-use pesticides are applied
       at lower application rates per acre, they are more toxic to insects
       and persist in the environment for up to several weeks or longer,
       thus creating a persistent toxicity load in plants, soils, and
       surface waters that is substantially higher than that experienced
       by insects 20 or more years ago.
    2. The neonicotinoid insecticides, in particular imidacloprid,
       clothianidin, and thiamethoxam, are primarily responsible for this
       increased toxicity loading, accounting for 61percent (via contact
       toxicity) to 99 percent (via oral toxicity) of the total toxicity
       loading of all insecticides in 2014. Oral exposures appear to be of
       greater concern because of the relatively higher toxicity (i.e. low
       LD[50]s) and greater likelihood for exposure from residues in
       pollen, nectar, guttation water, and other environmental media.
       However, because the AITL does not incorporate quantified
       exposures, a statistical comparison of toxicity loading via
       different exposures routes is beyond the scope of this paper.
    3. The crops most responsible for the increase in AITL are corn and
       soybeans, with particularly large increases in relative soybean
       contributions to AITL between 2010 and 2014.
    4. The total oral AITL of all insecticides applied over the 23-year
       period is an order of magnitude greater than the total contact
       AITL.
    5. This increase in toxicity loading is consistent with the reduction
       in beneficial insect and insectivorous bird populations observed in
       recent years. However, a more refined analysis of risk, including
       quantified exposures and factoring of application methods would be
       required to demonstrate a clear association.
    6. The introduction and increased use of the neonicotinoids in the
       late 1990s appears to be an example, in hindsight, of a regrettable
       substitution that might have been avoided had proper predictive
       analytical tools been available and applied prior to the approval
       of the registration of these pesticide products.
    7. FIFRA mandates that an applicant for the registration (licensing)
       of a new pesticide product must show that the use of a pesticide as
       specified “will not generally cause unreasonable adverse effects on
       the environment” [75]. Based on our screening level analysis of
       toxicity loading of insecticides on US agricultural land and
       surrounding areas, it is our scientific opinion that existing
       regulations for the registration of new pesticide active
       ingredients in the US are not yet adequate to effectively prevent
       the introduction of new chemicals that are detrimental to
       beneficial insect species such as the pollinators and other
       non-target species.
    8. Using methodology such as the AITL screening analysis early in the
       registration process of new active ingredients or in approving new
       agricultural uses would provide useful metrics with which to
       predict catastrophic harm to the environment resulting from the
       application of chemical pesticides on agricultural land. Expansion
       of the testing requirement to include sublethal toxicity testing in
       honey bees (or other surrogate arthropods) would provide a more
       refined estimate of the true risk of the introduction of new
       pesticide chemicals. Furthermore, implementation of a comprehensive
       surveillance and use reporting system for pesticides that have the
       potential to disrupt the ecosystems on agricultural lands and
       surrounding areas, including pesticide use as seed coatings would
       additionally enhance regulators’ abilities to assess and prevent
       potential adverse effects before ecosystems are damaged.

Supporting information

S1 Appendix. Environmental half-lives and LD50 values used in AITL
assessment.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.s001

   (PDF)

S2 Appendix. Representative lowest observed effect concentrations (LOEC) for
neonicotinoid sublethal toxicity in honey bees.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.s002

   (PDF)

Acknowledgments

   We thank Lisa Archer, Tiffany Finck-Haynes, Aimee Code, and Jennifer
   Sass for their valuable consultation and timely review of the
   manuscript.

References

    1. 1. Lundgren JG, Fausti SW. Trading biodiversity for pest problems.
       Sci Adv. 2015;1(6):e1500558. Available from:
       https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26601223. pmid:26601223
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Turnbull L, Hector A. Applied ecology: how to get even with
       pests. Nature 2010;466(7302):36–7. Available from:
       https://doi.org/10.5167/uzh-35625. pmid:20596003
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Gibbons D, Morrissey C, Mineau P. A review of the direct and
       indirect effects of neonicotinoids and fipronil on vertebrate
       wildlife. Environ Sci Pollut Res. 2015;22(1):103–18. Available
       from: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11356-014-3180-5.
       pmid:24938819
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Alkassab A, Kirchner W. Sublethal exposure to neonicotinoids and
       related side effects on insect pollinators: honeybees, bumblebees,
       and solitary bees. J Plant Dis Prot. 2017;124:1–30.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Baker N. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use, pesticide
       use maps. USGS Pesticide National Synthesis Project. 2017;Sep 11.
       Available from:
       https://water.usgs.gov/nawqa/pnsp/usage/maps/compound_listing.php.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Baker N, Stone W. Estimated Annual Agricultural Pesticide Use
       for Counties of the Conterminous United States, 2008–12. US
       Geological Survey Data Series 907. 2015. Available from:
       http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/0907/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Stone W. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use for
       counties of the conterminous United States, 1992–2009: 2013; U.S.
       Geological Survey Data Series 752. Available from:
       http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/752/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Dorsey J, Fekete G, Fong A, Harris J. Measuring the impact of
       the food quality protection act: challenges and opportunities.
       Evaluation report. Office of Inspector General. August 1, 2006.
       Report No. 2006-P-00028. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-11/…/20060801-2006-
       p-00028.pdf.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. CDPR. 2015 Status report, Pesticide Contamination Prevention
       Act. California Environmental Protection Agency, Department of
       Pesticide Regulation, Environmental Monitoring Branch, Sacramento,
       California. Available from:
       http://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/emon/pubs/ehapreps.htm?filter=grndwater
       .
   10. 10. Lewis K, Tzilivakis J, Warner D, Green A. An international
       database for pesticide risk assessments and management. Human and
       Ecological Risk Assessment: An International Journal. 2016;22
       (4):1050–64.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Moffat C, Buckland ST, Samson AJ, McArthur R, Chamosa Pino V,
       Bollan KA, et al. Neonicotinoids target distinct nicotinic
       acetylcholine receptors and neurons, leading to differential risks
       to bumblebees. Sci Rep. 2016;6:24764. pmid:27124107
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Bonmatin JM, Giorio C, Girolami V, Goulson D, Kreutzweiser DP,
       Krupke C, et al. Environmental fate and exposure; neonicotinoids
       and fipronil. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2015;22(1):35–67.
       pmid:25096486
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Kaplan M, Karaoglu O, Eroglu N, Silici S. Fatty Acid and
       Proximate Composition of Bee Bread. Food Technol Biotechnol.
       2016;54(4):497–504. pmid:28115909
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Hallmann C, Foppen R, van Turnhout C, de Kroon H, Jongejans E.
       Declines in insectivorous birds are associated with high
       neonicotinoid concentrations. Nature. 2014;511:341–3. pmid:25030173
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Millot F, Decors A, Mastain O, Quintaine T, Berny P, Vey D, et
       al. Field evidence of bird poisonings by imidacloprid-treated
       seeds: a review of incidents reported by the French SAGIR network
       from 1995 to 2014. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2017;24(6):5469–85.
       pmid:28028702
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Hladik M, Kolpin D, Kuivila K. Widespread occurrence of
       neonicotinoid insecticides in streams in a high corn and soybean
       producing region, USA. Environ Pollut. 2014;193:189–96.
       pmid:25042208
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Morrissey C, Mineau P, Devries J, Sanchez-Bayo F, Liess M,
       Cavallaro M, et al. Neonicotinoid contamination of global surface
       waters and associated risk to aquatic invertebrates: A review.
       Environ Int. 2015;74:291–303. pmid:25454246
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Seagraves M, Lundgren J. Effects of neonicotinoid seed
       treatments on soybean aphid and its natural enemies. J Pest Sci.
       2011;85:125–32.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Costamagna A, Landis D. Predators exert top-down control of
       soybean aphid across a gradient of agricultural management systems.
       Ecol Appl. 2006;16:1619–28. pmid:16937822
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Hopwood J, Black S, Vaughan M, Lee-Mader E. Beyond the birds
       and the bees: Effects of neonicotinoid insecticides on
       agriculturally important beneficial invertebrates. The Xerces
       Society for Invertebrate Conservation. 2013. Available from:
       http://www.xerces.org/beyond-the-birds-and-the-bees/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Douglas M, Rohr J, JF T. Neonicotinoid insecticide travels
       through a soil food chain, disrupting biological control of
       non-target pests and decreasing soya bean yield. J Appl Ecol.
       2015;52:250–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. USDA. 2012 census of agriculture, United States summary and
       state data. United States Department of Agriculture. 2014; May.
       Available from: https://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/.
   23. 23. Arena M, Sgolastra F. A meta-analysis comparing the sensitivity
       of bees to pesticides. Ecotoxicology. 2014;23(3):324–34.
       pmid:24435220
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Heard MS, Baas J, Dorne JL, Lahive E, Robinson AG, Rortais A,
       et al. Comparative toxicity of pesticides and environmental
       contaminants in bees: Are honey bees a useful proxy for wild bee
       species? Sci Total Environ. 2017;578:357–65. pmid:27847190
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Sanchez-Bayo F, Goka K. Pesticide residues and bees—a risk
       assessment. PLoS One. 2014;9(4):e94482. pmid:24718419
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. US EPA. Pesticide Registration Manual. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration/pesticide-registration-m
       anual. Accessed May 23, 2018. In: Agency UEP, editor.
   27. 27. Goulson D, Thompson J, Croombs A. Rapid rise in toxic load for
       bees revealed by analysis of pesticide use in Great Britain. PeerJ.
       2018;6:e5255. pmid:30038870; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC6054864.
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. US EPA. Fact sheet: clothianidin. US Environmental Protection
       Agency. EPA Publication 7501C. Available from:
       https://www3.epa.gov/pesticides/chem_search/reg_actions/registratio
       n/fs_PC-044309_30-May-03.pdf.
   29. 29. Byrne FJ, Visscher PK, Leimkuehler B, Fischer D,
       Grafton-Cardwell EE, Morse JG. Determination of exposure levels of
       honey bees foraging on flowers of mature citrus trees previously
       treated with imidacloprid. Pest Manag Sci. 2014;70(3):470–82.
       pmid:23788449
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Hopwood J, Code A, Vaughan M, Biddinger D, Shepherd M, Black S,
       et al. How neonicotinoids can kill bees: The science behind the
       role these insecticides play in harming bees. Second edition
       revised and expanded. The Xerces Society for Invertebrate
       Conservation. Available from:
       https://xerces.org/neonicotinoids-and-bees/. 2016.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Gustafson D, Bradshaw-Pierce E. Fundamental Concepts in
       Clinical Pharmacology. Principles of Anticancer Drug Development:
       Cancer Drug Discovery and Development. Springer, New York, NY2011.
   32. 32. US Government Publishing Office. Federal Register. Available
       from:
       https://wwwfederalregistergov/agencies/government-publishing-office
       .
   33. 33. Douglas M, Tooker J. Large-scale deployment of seed treatments
       has driven rapid increase in use of neonicotinoid insecticides and
       preemptive pest management in U.S. field crops. Environ Sci Technol
       2015;49(8):5088–97. pmid:25793443
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Gaspar AP, Marburger DA, Mourtzinis S, Conley SP. Soybean seed
       yield response to multiple seed treatment components across diverse
       environments. Agron J 2014;106(6):1955–62.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. European Union. Thiamethoxam Product-type 18 (Insecticides,
       acaricides and products to control other arthropods) assessment
       report. Directive 98/8/EC concerning the placing biocidal products
       on the market. September 21, 2012. Available from:
       https://circabc.europa.eu/sd/a/94c7a2fe-e407-411e-94cb-eadbb3823cd1
       /CA-Sept12-Doc%203%208a%20-%20AR%20Thiamethoxam%20PT18%20post%20SCB
       .pdf.
   36. 36. US EPA. Registration Review—Problem Formulation for the
       Ecological Risk and Drinking Water Exposure Assessments for
       Tebupirimphos 2009; 2009;Apr 22. (PC Code 129086); D360013. Docket
       # EPA-HQ-OPP-2008-0940-0005. Available from:
       https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=EPA-HQ-OPP-2008-0940-0005.
   37. 37. University of Hertfordshire. The Pesticide Properties Data Base
       (PPDB). Developed by the Agriculture and Environment Research Unit,
       University of Hertfordshire. Version 2017; Nov 30. Available from:
       http://sitem.herts.ac.uk/aeru/ppdb/en/index.htm.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. US EPA. Guidance to Calculate Representative Half-life Values
       and Characterizing Pesticide Degradation. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-science-and-assessing-pesticide-risks
       /guidance-calculate-representative-half-life-values. 2015.
   39. 39. Kurwadkar S, Evans A, DeWinne D, White P, Mitchell F. Modeling
       photodegradation kinetics of three systemic
       neonicotinoids-dinotefuran, imidacloprid, and thiamethoxam-in
       aqueous and soil environment. Environ Toxicol Chem.
       2016;35(7):1718–26. pmid:26660507
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Li Y, Li Y, Liu Y, Ward TJ. Photodegradation of clothianidin
       and thiamethoxam in agricultural soils. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int.
       2018;25(31):31318–25. pmid:30194578
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Mineau P, Callaghan C. Neonicotinoid insecticides and bats: an
       assessment of the direct and indirect risks. Canadian Wildlife
       Federation. Available from:
       http://cwf-fcf.org/assets/reports/1809-014-Bats-and-Neonics-Report-
       high_rez.pdf?src=bats. 2018.
   42. 42. US EPA. Fipronil; Product Cancellation Order and Amendment to
       Terminate Uses. Federal Register, Volume 75 (No. 22), Wednesday,
       February 3, 2010, Page 5584. Available from:
       https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2010/02/03/2010-2147/fipr
       onil-product-cancellation-order-and-amendment-to-terminate-uses.
   43. 43. Goulson D, Nicholls E, Botias C, Rotheray EL. Bee declines
       driven by combined stress from parasites, pesticides, and lack of
       flowers. Science. 2015;347(6229):1255957. pmid:25721506
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Aizen MA, Garibaldi LA, Cunningham SA, Klein AM. How much does
       agriculture depend on pollinators? Lessons from long-term trends in
       crop production. Ann Bot. 2009;103(9):1579–88. pmid:19339297
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Le Conte Y, Navajas . Climate change: Impact on honey bee
       populations and diseases. 2008; 27(2):485–97. pmid:18819674
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. NPIC. Imidacloprid Technical Fact Sheet. National Pesticide
       Information Center. Available from:
       http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/archive/imidacloprid.html 2011.
   47. 47. Federal Register. Imidacloprid; tolerances for residues.
       Volume: 26, Title: 40. Section 180.472. Code of Federal
       Regulations. Available from:
       https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title40-vol26/xml/CFR-
       2018-title40-vol26-sec180-472.xml. 2018.
   48. 48. US EPA. Process for Requiring Exposure and Effects Testing for
       Assessing Risks to Bees during Registration and Registration Review
       US EPA Office of Pesticide Programs, 2016. Available fom:
       https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2016-08/documents/bee_gu
       idance.pdf.
   49. 49. Wood TJ, Goulson D. The environmental risks of neonicotinoid
       pesticides: a review of the evidence post 2013. Environ Sci Pollut
       Res Int. 2017;24(21):17285–325. pmid:28593544
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Mogren CL, Lundgren JG. Neonicotinoid-contaminated pollinator
       strips adjacent to cropland reduce honey bee nutritional status.
       Sci Rep. 2016;6:29608. pmid:27412495
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Samson-Robert O, Labrie G, Chagnon M, Fournier V.
       Neonicotinoid-contaminated puddles of water represent a risk of
       intoxication for honey bees. PLoS One. 2014;9(12):e108443.
       pmid:25438051
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Nuyttens D, Devarrewaere W, Verboven P, Foque D.
       Pesticide-laden dust emission and drift from treated seeds during
       seed drilling: a review. Pest Manag Sci. 2013;69(5):564–75.
       pmid:23456984
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Van Dijk TC, Van Staalduinen MA, Van der Sluijs JP.
       Macro-invertebrate decline in surface water polluted with
       imidacloprid. PLoS One. 2013;8(5):e62374. pmid:23650513
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Krupke C, Hunt G, Eitzer B, Andino G, Given K. Multiple routes
       of pesticide exposure for honey bees living near agricultural
       fields. PLoS ONE. 2012;7(1):e29268. pmid:22235278
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Stewart SD, Lorenz GM, Catchot AL, Gore J, Cook D, Skinner J,
       et al. Potential exposure of pollinators to neonicotinoid
       insecticides from the use of insecticide seed treatments in the
       mid-southern United States. Environ Sci Technol.
       2014;48(16):9762–9. pmid:25010122
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   56. 56. Main AR, Headley JV, Peru KM, Michel NL, Cessna AJ, Morrissey
       CA. Widespread use and frequent detection of neonicotinoid
       insecticides in wetlands of Canada's Prairie Pothole Region. PLoS
       One. 2014;9(3):e92821. pmid:24671127
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Long EY, Krupke CH. Non-cultivated plants present a season-long
       route of pesticide exposure for honey bees. Nat Commun.
       2016;7:11629. pmid:27240870
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Johnson RM, Ellis MD, Mullin CA, Frazier M. Pesticides and
       Honey Bee Toxicity in the United States.: CRC Press-Taylor &
       Francis Group, Boca Raton.; 2012.
   59. 59. Mullin CA, Frazier M, Frazier JL, Ashcraft S, Simonds R,
       Vanengelsdorp D, et al. High levels of miticides and agrochemicals
       in North American apiaries: implications for honey bee health. PLoS
       One. 2010;5(3):e9754. pmid:20333298
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   60. 60. Lambert O, Piroux M, Puyo S, Thorin C, L'Hostis M, Wiest L, et
       al. Widespread occurrence of chemical residues in beehive matrices
       from apiaries located in different landscapes of Western France.
       PLoS One. 2013;8(6):e67007. pmid:23799139
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. David A, Botias C, Abdul-Sada A, Nicholls E, Rotheray EL, Hill
       EM, et al. Widespread contamination of wildflower and bee-collected
       pollen with complex mixtures of neonicotinoids and fungicides
       commonly applied to crops. Environ Int. 2016;88:169–78.
       pmid:26760714
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   62. 62. Mullin CA, Chen J, Fine JD, Frazier MT, Frazier JL. The
       formulation makes the honey bee poison. Pestic Biochem Physiol.
       2015;120:27–35. pmid:25987217
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Zhu YC, Yao J, Adamczyk J, Luttrell R. Feeding toxicity and
       impact of imidacloprid formulation and mixtures with six
       representative pesticides at residue concentrations on honey bee
       physiology (Apis mellifera). PLoS One. 2017;12(6):e0178421.
       pmid:28591204
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Zhu W, Schmehl DR, Mullin CA, Frazier JL. Four common
       pesticides, their mixtures and a formulation solvent in the hive
       environment have high oral toxicity to honey bee larvae. PLoS One.
       2014;9(1):e77547. pmid:24416121
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Zhu YC, Yao J, Adamczyk J, Luttrell R. Synergistic toxicity and
       physiological impact of imidacloprid alone and binary mixtures with
       seven representative pesticides on honey bee (Apis mellifera). PLoS
       One. 2017;12(5):e0176837. pmid:28467462
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   66. 66. Johnson RM, Dahlgren L, Siegfried BD, Ellis MD. Acaricide,
       fungicide and drug interactions in honey bees (Apis mellifera).
       PLoS One. 2013;8(1):e54092. pmid:23382869
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   67. 67. Alaux C, Brunet JL, Dussaubat C, Mondet F, Tchamitchan S,
       Cousin M, et al. Interactions between Nosema microspores and a
       neonicotinoid weaken honeybees (Apis mellifera). Environ Microbiol.
       2010;12(3):774–82. pmid:20050872
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   68. 68. Vidau C, Diogon M, Aufauvre J, Fontbonne R, Vigues B, Brunet
       JL, et al. Exposure to sublethal doses of fipronil and thiacloprid
       highly increases mortality of honeybees previously infected by
       Nosema ceranae. PLoS One. 2011;6(6):e21550. pmid:21738706
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   69. 69. Aufauvre J, Biron DG, Vidau C, Fontbonne R, Roudel M, Diogon M,
       et al. Parasite-insecticide interactions: a case study of Nosema
       ceranae and fipronil synergy on honeybee. Sci Rep. 2012;2:326.
       pmid:22442753
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   70. 70. Doublet V, Labarussias M, de Miranda JR, Moritz RF, Paxton RJ.
       Bees under stress: sublethal doses of a neonicotinoid pesticide and
       pathogens interact to elevate honey bee mortality across the life
       cycle. Environ Microbiol. 2015;17(4):969–83. pmid:25611325
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   71. 71. Lopez JH, Krainer S, Engert A, Schuehly W, Riessberger-Galle U,
       Crailsheim K. Sublethal pesticide doses negatively affect survival
       and the cellular responses in American foulbrood-infected honeybee
       larvae. Sci Rep. 2017;7:40853. pmid:28145462
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   72. 72. Gill RJ, Ramos-Rodriguez O, Raine NE. Combined pesticide
       exposure severely affects individual- and colony-level traits in
       bees. Nature. 2012;491(7422):105–8. pmid:23086150
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   73. 73. Raimets R, Karise R, Mand M, Kaart T, Ponting S, Song J, et al.
       Synergistic interactions between a variety of insecticides and an
       ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor fungicide in dietary exposures of
       bumble bees (Bombus terrestris L.). Pest Manag Sci.
       2018;74(3):541–6. pmid:28991419
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   74. 74. Pettis JS, Lichtenberg EM, Andree M, Stitzinger J, Rose R,
       Vanengelsdorp D. Crop pollination exposes honey bees to pesticides
       which alters their susceptibility to the gut pathogen Nosema
       ceranae. PLoS One. 2013;8(7):e70182. pmid:23894612
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   75. 75. US EPA. Summary of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
       Rodenticide Act. US Environmental Protection Agency. Available
       from:
       https://www.epa.gov/laws-regulations/summary-federal-insecticide-fu
       ngicide-and-rodenticide-act.

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Toxicity
       Is the Subject Area "Toxicity" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insecticides
       Is the Subject Area "Insecticides" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Pesticides
       Is the Subject Area "Pesticides" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Honey bees
       Is the Subject Area "Honey bees" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insect pests
       Is the Subject Area "Insect pests" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Agricultural land
       Is the Subject Area "Agricultural land" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Crops
       Is the Subject Area "Crops" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Oral administration
       Is the Subject Area "Oral administration" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio,
USA

     * Tyson Wepprich ,
       Roles Conceptualization, Formal analysis, Methodology,
       Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: tyson.wepprich@oregonstate.edu
       Affiliation Department of Botany and Plant Pathology, Oregon State
       University, Corvallis, Oregon, United States of America
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-6875-092X
       ⨯
     * Jeffrey R. Adrion,
       Roles Formal analysis, Methodology, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of
       Oregon, Eugene, Oregon, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Leslie Ries,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Methodology, Writing –
       review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Biology, Georgetown University,
       Washington, D.C., United States of America
       ⨯
     * Jerome Wiedmann,
       Roles Data curation, Project administration, Writing – review &
       editing
       Affiliation The Ohio Lepidopterists, Columbus, Ohio, United States
       of America
       ⨯
     * Nick M. Haddad
       Roles Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Integrative Biology and W.K. Kellogg
       Biological Station, Michigan State University, Hickory Corners,
       Michigan, United States of America
       ⨯

Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio,
USA

     * Tyson Wepprich,
     * Jeffrey R. Adrion,
     * Leslie Ries,
     * Jerome Wiedmann,
     * Nick M. Haddad

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 9, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270
     * >> See the preprint

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Table 2
   Fig 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4
   Table 3
   Fig 5

Abstract

   Severe insect declines make headlines, but they are rarely based on
   systematic monitoring outside of Europe. We estimate the rate of change
   in total butterfly abundance and the population trends for 81 species
   using 21 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio, USA. Total abundance
   is declining at 2% per year, resulting in a cumulative 33% reduction in
   butterfly abundance. Three times as many species have negative
   population trends compared to positive trends. The rate of total
   decline and the proportion of species in decline mirror those
   documented in three comparable long-term European monitoring programs.
   Multiple environmental changes such as climate change, habitat
   degradation, and agricultural practices may contribute to these
   declines in Ohio and shift the makeup of the butterfly community by
   benefiting some species over others. Our analysis of life-history
   traits associated with population trends shows an impact of climate
   change, as species with northern distributions and fewer annual
   generations declined more rapidly. However, even common and invasive
   species associated with human-dominated landscapes are declining,
   suggesting widespread environmental causes for these trends. Declines
   in common species, although they may not be close to extinction, will
   have an outsized impact on the ecosystem services provided by insects.
   These results from the most extensive, systematic insect monitoring
   program in North America demonstrate an ongoing defaunation in
   butterflies that on an annual scale might be imperceptible, but
   cumulatively has reduced butterfly numbers by a third over 20 years.

   Citation: Wepprich T, Adrion JR, Ries L, Wiedmann J, Haddad NM (2019)
   Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in
   Ohio, USA. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0216270.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270

   Editor: Jake Kerby, University of South Dakota, UNITED STATES

   Received: April 16, 2019; Accepted: June 17, 2019; Published: July 9,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Wepprich et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: Data and code to reproduce the analysis are
   available from Dryad (https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.cf78420). Raw data
   from the monitoring program are available from the North American
   Butterfly Monitoring Network (www.thebutterflynetwork.org) upon
   request.

   Funding: The authors received no specific funding for this work.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   Defaunation, or the drastic loss of animal species and declines in
   abundance, threatens to destabilize ecosystem functioning globally [1].
   In comparison to studies of vertebrate populations, monitoring of
   changes in insect diversity is more difficult and far less prevalent
   [2,3]. Despite this, a global analysis of long-term population trends
   across 452 species estimated that insect abundance had declined 45%
   over 40 years [1]. Recently, more extreme declines in insect biomass
   have been observed upon resampling after 2–4 decades [4,5]. Losses of
   total biomass or total abundance across all species may be more
   consequential than local declines in species diversity, as common
   insect species contribute the most to ecosystem services, such as
   pollination [6]. However, our knowledge of insect declines is skewed
   towards European monitoring programs, including in global analyses [1].
   In this study, we analyze long-term, region-wide trends in abundance
   across a diversity of species for an entire insect group in North
   America to examine the scope of insect defaunation.

   The best source of data to assess insect defaunation comes from
   large-scale, systematic monitoring programs of multiple species [3].
   Through these efforts, trained volunteers or citizen scientists have
   contributed much of the evidence for biotic responses to anthropogenic
   climate warming such as changes in insect phenology and range
   distributions [7,8]. Unlike citizen science reporting of opportunistic
   observations or species checklists, many insect monitoring programs use
   a systematic protocol developed specifically to track butterfly
   abundances through time, both within and between seasons, and over
   large spatial scales [9]. Pollard-based monitoring programs, modeled
   after the first nationwide Butterfly Monitoring Scheme launched in the
   United Kingdom in 1977 (UKBMS), use weekly standardized counts on fixed
   transects [10]. Their widespread adoption enables regional comparisons
   of insect responses to environmental change or defaunation [11,12]. We
   compare our analysis with exemplary long-term monitoring schemes from
   Europe to test if the rate of insect declines generalizes across
   continents.

   The best source of abundance data for assessment of chronic insect
   decline, and the most prominent source of data in [1], is within the
   butterflies. Due to the relative ease and popularity of monitoring
   butterflies, environmental assessments use them as an indicator taxa
   for the general trajectory of biodiversity, assuming that they
   experience comparable pressures from land-use change, climate change,
   and habitat degradation as other insect taxa [13–15]. Intensive
   long-term monitoring of individual butterfly species has provided
   rigorous, quantitative estimates of declines. Most prominently, the
   Eastern North American Monarch has declined by over 85% [16] and the
   Western North American Monarch by over 95% [17] over the past two
   decades. Severe declines have also been observed in some of the rarest
   butterflies [18,19]. These data from individual species of conservation
   concern may not represent a broader trend across butterflies, which is
   what we aim to document in this study.

   Volunteers, organized and trained by The Ohio Lepidopterists, have
   assembled the most extensive dataset of systematic butterfly counts
   that stands alone in North America in terms of the spatial extent and
   sampling frequency of Pollard walks [9]. Three other monitoring
   programs in the United States have documented long-term, multi-species
   population trends. In Massachusetts, based on species lists from field
   trips, climate-driven community shifts explain how the relative
   likelihood of species observations change over 18 years [20]. Shapiro
   and colleagues have made biweekly presence/absence observations and
   Pollard-based counts on 11 fixed transects along an elevational
   gradient in California over more than 45 years to document species
   richness changes in response to climate and land-use, increasing
   abundance at a high elevation site, and impacts of agricultural
   practices on abundance at low elevation sites [21,22]. Several teams
   have monitored declines in specialist butterflies restricted to native
   prairie patches in the Midwestern states with transect or timed survey
   methods over 26 years [23,24]. The growing number of Pollard-based
   monitoring programs in the United States [9] has the potential to track
   how widespread and consistent butterfly trends are across regions.

   Here, we used 21 years of weekly butterfly surveys across 104 sites to
   assess abundance trends for butterflies in Ohio. We estimate population
   trends for 81 species and test for their association with life-history
   traits and phylogenetic relatedness. We review findings from European
   butterfly monitoring schemes for quantitative comparison with the rate
   of abundance changes in Ohio. This analysis provides evidence of
   widespread insect defaunation and species’ declines from the most
   extensive, systematic monitoring program in North America.

Materials and methods

Study sites

   We studied butterfly population trends across the state of Ohio in the
   Midwestern USA. Over its 116,100 km^2 land area, Ohio has a mosaic of
   habitat types due to its partially glaciated history and its place at
   the confluence of Midwestern prairies, the Appalachian Mountains, and
   the boreal forest [25]. Only remnants of wetland and prairie habitat
   remain in the state due to human modification of the landscape. Some
   rare butterflies have declined due to forest succession following
   suppression of disturbances [26]. Agriculture and pastures (50%),
   forest (30%), and urban development (10%) are the predominant
   land-use/land cover classes [27].

   Monitoring sites have a Northeast to Southwest gradient in their mean
   annual temperatures (mean 18.8°C, range from 14.0°C to 23.6°C) from
   interpolated daily temperatures from Daymet over 1996–2016 [28]. Mean
   annual temperatures at these sites grew at a linear trend of 0.3°C per
   decade and growing season length has increased by 60 degree-days (base
   5°C) per decade from 1980–2016. Monitoring sites span the state but are
   concentrated near cities (Fig 1). On average, within a radius of 2
   kilometers, monitoring sites have 24% cropland and pasture, 34% forest,
   and 30% urban land-use based on the National Land Cover Dataset [29].
   Although not considered in this study, impervious surfaces from urban
   development influence temperature-dependent butterfly phenology in Ohio
   through the urban heat island effect, which may not be fully captured
   in these gridded temperature interpolations [30].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Transect locations monitored by volunteers with the Ohio
   Lepidopterists.

   Of the 147 sites, this analysis used the 104 sites monitored for three
   or more years.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g001

Monitoring surveys

   Trained volunteers contributed 24,405 butterfly surveys from 1996 to
   2016 as part of the Ohio Lepidopterists Long-term Monitoring of
   Butterflies program. Volunteers surveyed on fixed paths at
   approximately weekly intervals during the entire growing season from
   April through October (median 23 of 30 weeks surveyed per year per
   site) and count every species within an approximate 5-meter buffer
   around the observer [10]. Surveys are constrained to times of good
   weather to increase the detectability of butterflies and last a mean 85
   minutes in duration. The annual number of monitored sites ranged from
   13 in 1996 to a maximum of 80 in 2012. We limited our analysis of
   abundance trends to the 104 sites with three or more years of
   monitoring data and 10 or more surveys per year at each site (Fig 1).
   We included observations of all sites with at least 5 surveys per year
   in phenology models that we used to interpolate missing counts before
   estimating abundance [31].

   All 102 species with population indices estimated by phenology models
   contributed to the total abundance analysis. We limited
   species-specific analysis to 81 species with sufficient population
   indices for estimating trends (present at five or more sites and for 10
   or more years). Species naming conventions in the monitoring program
   follow those used in [25,32] except for combining all observations of
   Celastrina ladon (Spring Azure) and Celastrina neglecta (Summer Azure)
   as an unresolved species complex.

Population indices

   We estimated population indices for each site x year x species by
   adapting methods established for the UKBMS that account for missing
   surveys and butterfly phenology over the season [31,33]. We used
   generalized additive models for each species to estimate variation in
   counts in order to interpolate missing surveys with model predictions
   [31,34]. To account for seasonal, spatial, and interannual variation in
   species phenology, we extended the regional generalized additive model
   approach (12, Supplement 1) by including spatially-explicit site
   locations and converting calendar dates of observations to degree-days
   [35], which can improve butterfly phenology predictions [36]. We
   calculated the population index by integrating over the weekly counts
   and missing survey interpolations using the trapezoid method [31].

Controlling for confounding factors

   We accounted for differences in sampling across sites and years so that
   our modeled trends would capture changes in abundance rather than
   changes in detection probability [37]. True abundance is confounded
   with detection probability when using counts from Pollard walks [38].
   Butterfly monitoring protocols that account for detection probability
   like distance sampling are commonly used for single-species studies
   [39], but untenable for scaling up to a regional program. Most analyses
   of Pollard walks assume no systematic change in detectability (but see
   [40]) because counts correlate closely with true abundance estimates
   from distance sampling [41,42]. We used two covariates to account for
   variation in sampling and its influence on population indices for each
   site x year [20,37,43]. We tracked the mean number of species reported
   in each survey, or list-length, which is a synthetic measure of factors
   influencing detectability such as weather conditions, site quality, and
   observer effort [20,44,45]. We treated the total duration of surveys in
   minutes as an offset in the models of population trends. Because we
   interpolated missing surveys for the population indices, we projected
   what the total duration would be if all 30 weeks had been surveyed at
   the mean duration reported for that site x year.

   Sampling across the state is nonrandom because participants choose
   transect locations, a common practice in volunteer-based monitoring
   programs. Since sites generally cluster near human population centers
   with a greater proportion of developed land-use and a lesser proportion
   of agriculture, we assumed that population trends at the 104 sites
   across the state sufficiently capture the broader statewide trends
   [37]. Comparisons between the UKBMS volunteer-placed transects and a
   broader survey with stratified, random sampling show congruence between
   species trends estimated from each monitoring strategy [46].

Population trends

   We used generalized linear mixed models to estimate temporal trends in
   relative abundance for 81 species from their population indices [47].
   We modeled population indices at each site and year as an
   over-dispersed Poisson random variable with covariates on the log-link
   scale. [journal.pone.0216270.e001] (1)

   We included the numeric year and mean list length for each population
   index as covariates, which were centered to aid in model fitting and
   interpretation [48]. We used the coefficient for year (β[2]) as the
   annual trend in population indices as our main result. We controlled
   for changes in sampling by using the total duration of surveys as a
   model offset, converting the dependent variable to a rate of
   butterflies counted per minute. Random effects of individual sites and
   years account for spatial and temporal variation in population counts
   deviating from the statewide trend. We accounted for over-dispersion in
   the Poisson-distributed counts with the random effect siteyearID for
   each unique observation [49]. We modeled trends in total abundance
   using the same modeling approach, but summed across 102 species’
   population indices for each site x year observation. We interpreted
   trends as an annual rate by taking the geometric mean rate of change
   between the predicted abundance between two points in time after
   setting the list-length covariate to its mean and excluding the random
   effects [47]. For comparisons with other monitoring programs, we used a
   p-value threshold of 0.05 to classify trends as positive, negative, or
   stable.

   Our approach is similar to that used by the UKBMS and other European
   monitoring programs which use generalized linear models in TRIM
   software [50]. One key difference is that our site and annual
   fluctuations from the temporal trend were derived from random effects
   rather than fixed effects, which reduces spurious detection of trends
   [43]. Another key difference is that TRIM does not allow for continuous
   covariates, which we used to account for sampling variation instead of
   assuming no confounding pattern in sampling effort. To validate that
   our modeling choices did not unreasonably influence the results, we
   used three alternative approaches: (1) a Poisson-based generalized
   linear model (Eq 1 without the random effect siteyearID); (2) a
   nonlinear generalized additive mixed model with a smoothing spline
   replacing the linear temporal trend [43]; and (3) a TRIM model with
   over-dispersion and serial temporal correlation but no sampling
   covariates or offsets [50]. We compared similarity in the total
   abundance trends, the correlation of species’ trends between model
   alternatives, and the classification of species’ trends as positive,
   stable, or negative.

Comparison with other studies

   We compare our findings to three European long-term, regional butterfly
   monitoring programs with systematic Pollard walks that publish regular
   updates on total abundance and species’ trends [40,51,52]. Although all
   programs analyzed counts with Poisson regression, we had to standardize
   them differently depending on the data available and their modeling
   approaches. The UKBMS reports total abundance indicators as the
   geometric mean of species trends from two groups: specialist and
   countryside species [51]. We used the reported smoothed annual index
   values for these indicators because the first year of monitoring is an
   outlier that exaggerates declines (UK Biodiversity Indicators 2018,
   http://jncc.defra.gov.uk/page-4236). We used the Dutch Butterfly
   Monitoring Scheme’s reported cumulative annual trend in total
   butterflies counted across all transects after correction for missing
   surveys [52]. For the Catalan Butterfly Monitoring Scheme, we extracted
   annual population indices from the 2015–2016 annual report [53] with
   WebPlotDigitizer 4.1 [54] and performed a Poisson regression over time
   with annual random effects to obtain a comparable abundance trend. We
   converted total abundance trends into annual percent rates for
   comparison. We tallied the increases and decreases in species’ trends
   for each region reported by the monitoring program, without accounting
   for differences in their statistical approaches.

Species’ traits

   To explore potential mechanisms that might explain species-level
   variation in abundance trends, we modeled the estimates of species’
   temporal trends (β[1]) as a response to life history traits [20,30]. Of
   the 81 species, we classified 14 as migratory species and 67 as
   year-round residents of Ohio. We analyzed traits models both across all
   species and after excluding migratory species, which would have
   population trends driven by factors outside of Ohio. We collected
   traits that relate to insect responses to climate change and habitat
   change, as these are two primary drivers of butterfly community changes
   [7,20,21].

   We tested if butterflies with traits making them more adaptive to a
   warming climate have more positive population trends. We compared
   species with different range distributions, assuming that species
   distributed in warmer, Southern regions would be more likely to
   increase in Ohio as the climate warms. We assigned species’ ranges as
   Southern, core, or Northern by range maps and county records [25,32].
   Voltinism, or the number of generations per year, increases in warmer
   years and warmer regions within many species in Ohio [55], compared
   with obligate univoltine species that do not adjust their lifecycle
   based on changing growing season length. We assigned voltinism observed
   in Ohio as univoltine, bivoltine, or multivoltine (3+ generations per
   year) based on visualization of phenology models and [25]. The life
   stage in which species overwinter, obtained from [25], contributes to
   its ability to respond to warming with shifts in phenology [20,56].

   We would expect more generalist species, in host plant requirements and
   habitat preferences, to have more positive population trends in a
   landscape heavily modified by human use [21,51]. For host plant
   requirements, we gathered two traits from the literature that describe
   host plant category (forb, graminoid, or woody) and whether the
   butterfly’s host plant requirements span multiple plant families or are
   limited to one plant family or genus [25]. Mean wing size from [32] was
   used as a surrogate of dispersal ability between habitats, which is
   expected to increase ability to access resources in a fragmented
   landscape. Three of the authors assigned species as wetland-dependent
   or human-disturbance tolerant species, which we aggregated into two
   binary variables to test if these specialist or generalist habitat
   preferences correlate with abundance trends.

   We used univariate linear models for each life history trait both for
   all 81 species and with the 14 migratory species excluded. To account
   for the phylogenetic relatedness and the non-independence across
   species, we also used phylogenetic generalized least squares models
   that estimated branch length transformations with Pagel’s lambda by
   maximum likelihood [57]. The phylogenetic models excluded three species
   without gene sequences available.

Phylogenetic tree

   We obtained coding sequences for the most widely used DNA barcoding
   locus, the mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit I gene COI-5P,
   from GenBank [58]. For species not found in GenBank, we obtained coding
   sequences from The Barcode of Life Data System [59]. When possible, we
   obtained sequences from multiple sampling locations in North America.

   Owing to the relatively small size of our multiple-species
   alignment—i.e. a single mtDNA locus, 651 base pairs in length—we
   decided to take both a constrained and unconstrained maximum likelihood
   approach to estimate the genealogical relationships of our samples.
   Some of the species from our analysis, though not all, were recently
   used in a more comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of butterflies [60],
   thus prompting us to constrain the phylogenetic backbone of our tree
   using family-level relationships. We report details of our workflow in
   Supplement 1.

Statistical analysis

   We used R 3.5.2 for analysis [61] and share the data and our code on
   Dryad. We fit generalized additive models with the mgcv package [34],
   generalized linear mixed models with the lme4 package [62], generalized
   additive mixed models with the poptrend package [43], and phylogenetic
   generalized least squares models with the ape and caper packages
   [63,64]. Confidence intervals for the temporal trends were estimated
   with bootstrapped model fits with the merTools and poptrend packages
   [43,65]. For models of population trends, we estimated the goodness of
   fit with R^2 developed for generalized linear mixed models that give
   marginal and conditional R^2 values for the fixed effects and the fixed
   + random effects, respectively [66,67]. For trait models, we reported
   the adjusted R^2 values from the univariate models.

Results

   The statewide relative abundance summed across all species declined at
   an annual rate of 2.0% (β[1] = -0.020, std. err. 0.005, p < 0.001),
   accumulating a 33% decline over 1996–2016 (Table 1, Fig 2). Among
   population trends, more than three times as many species are declining
   than increasing in abundance at our threshold of p < 0.05 (32 versus 9,
   respectively) (Table 2, Fig 3 for migratory species and Fig 4 for
   resident species). Positive and negative species trends are distributed
   across the phylogenetic tree (Figure A in S1 Appendix).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Generalized linear mixed model of total abundance across all
   species.

   The natural logarithm of the total survey duration across the
   monitoring season was an offset in the model. The model’s marginal R^2
   was 0.20 for its fixed effects and its conditional R^2 was 0.61 when
   including variation in sites, years, and over-dispersion with random
   effects parameters.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t001
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Species’ abundance trends over time.

   Trends are the coefficient of year in our generalized linear mixed
   models with the accompanying standard error and p-value for the
   coefficient (Eq 1). We show the data available for each species’ model:
   total number of butterflies recorded for all years, number of sites,
   number of years, and the number of population indices calculated for
   each species for use in abundance model (Site x year).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t002
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. The statewide relative abundance of butterflies (all species
   aggregated) in Ohio declined by 33% over 1996–2016.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows the 95% confidence
   interval based on bootstrapped model fits for the temporal trend.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g002
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Statewide trends of 14 migratory species with annual variation.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows 95% confidence intervals
   based on bootstrapped model fits in the poptrend package [43] for the
   temporal trend and for the annual random effects. The first year’s
   estimate is set to a value of 1 as a baseline for relative population
   changes.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g003
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Statewide trends of 67 resident species with annual variation.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows 95% confidence intervals
   based on bootstrapped model fits in the poptrend package [43] for the
   temporal trend and for the annual random effects. The first year’s
   estimate is set to a value of 1 as a baseline for relative population
   changes.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g004

   Both in the total trend in abundance and in the proportion of species
   with declines, these results are similar to three European butterfly
   monitoring schemes (Table 3). Although the longer-running programs show
   larger cumulative declines, the annual rate of change in total
   abundance ranges from -2.0% to -2.6% for Ohio, Catalonia, and the
   Netherlands. The United Kingdom total abundance trends are split
   between generalist species (-0.8%) and specialist species (-2.4%).
   Across monitoring programs, declining species outnumber increasing
   species by a factor of two to three (Table 3).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Comparison of this study’s results to European monitoring
   programs for rates of change in total abundance and classification of
   species trends as positive or negative.

   Number of sites represents those reported to contribute to the
   analysis, but may no longer be active. Number of butterflies counted
   per year is an approximation based on the most recent years of
   monitoring described in the references.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t003

   In general, traits associated with species’ responses to climate were
   more important, based on the predictive ability (adjusted R^2) of
   univariate models, than traits associated with habitat and host plant
   restrictions (Fig 5, Tables A and B in S1 Appendix). Phylogenetic
   signal was included for most traits’ models, so we focus on the
   phylogenetic generalized least squares results. The Monarch (Danaus
   plexippus) was the only migratory species in decline, although the
   others had erratic annual fluctuations that make trend estimation
   difficult (Fig 3). Species with more northern geographic ranges were
   associated with more negative population trends. Univoltine species had
   more negative population trends than bivoltine or multivoltine species.
   Overwintering stage did not have a strong effect on trend. Species
   eating forb host plants had negative trends on average, but there was
   no effect of host plant specialization on population trends. Wing
   length, wetland habitat preference, or human-disturbed habitat
   preference were not associated with trends.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 5. Species’ traits are associated with variation in the statewide
   trends in abundance.

   We plot each species’ trend compared to the six most important traits
   for the 78 species included in the phylogenetic GLS models with full
   results in Table A in S1 Appendix. Squares represent the regression
   coefficients with 95% confidence intervals shown in lines. Dots show
   trend estimates for each species from Table 1 uncorrected for
   phylogeny, jittered for visualization.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g005

   Our choice of modeling approach did not change the overall evidence of
   defaunation. Generalized linear mixed models with Poisson-distributed
   errors and generalized additive mixed models estimated declines in
   total abundance similar in magnitude at -1.83% and -2.13% annual rates,
   respectively. The annual trend estimate from TRIM, without sampling
   covariates, was half the magnitude at -0.87%. Species’ trends had high
   correlations between pairwise comparisons, but TRIM models estimated
   notably more positive trends compared to the other three approaches
   (Table C in S1 Appendix).

Discussion

   We show that the total butterfly abundance has declined by 33% over 20
   years in Ohio. This rate is faster than the global abundance trend
   estimated for Lepidoptera (35% over 40 years) and corresponds more
   closely to the steeper declines (45% over 40 years) estimated for all
   insects [1]. The Ohio butterfly monitoring program, judged by the
   weekly frequency, 20-year time period, and statewide spatial extent of
   its surveys, is the most extensive systematic insect survey in North
   America and comparable to three exemplary European butterfly monitoring
   schemes. The annualized 2% rate of decline in this study aligns closely
   with trends from European butterfly monitoring, confirming the decline
   of the most closely monitored group of insects in both Europe and North
   America (Table 3). With less known about other insect taxa, butterflies
   provide a necessary, if imperfect, surrogate to understand the
   trajectory and potential mechanisms behind broader insect trends [13].
   Extensive in both time and space, the decline in butterfly abundance
   reported here is the best estimate for the current rate of insect
   defaunation in North America.

   The proportion of butterfly species with population declines compared
   to population increases is similar between Ohio (negative trends three
   times more numerous) and European studies (negative trends 2–3 times
   more numerous) (Table 3). In other taxa, moths in the United Kingdom
   show a similar proportion of species declines [68]. Long-term
   monitoring in protected areas, although less extensive in space, shows
   more positive species trends for moths in Finland (at 67.7° latitude)
   and across pollinators in Spain (at 850–1750 m. elevations) [69,70].
   These counterexamples show how insect communities may shift at
   high-latitude or high-elevation sites with anthropogenic climate
   warming [21] or may persist in more remote areas. However, butterfly
   monitoring in populated areas show a consistency in observed declines
   (Table 3) that we argue would generalize to other landscapes dominated
   by human use.

   We demonstrate abundance declines in species that are generalist,
   widespread, and not considered vulnerable to extinction [25,71].
   Although few may share concern for the most widespread, invasive
   butterfly in the world’s agricultural and urban settings [72], declines
   in Pieris rapae could be indicative of persistent environmental
   stressors that would affect other species as well. Generalist species
   that exploit human-disturbed habitat with annual rates of decline of
   more than 5% include Lycaena phlaeas, Thymelicus lineola (non-native),
   Cercyonis pegala, and Colias eurytheme (Table 2, Fig 4). We would
   expect negative environmental changes to disproportionately affect rare
   species prone to the demographic dangers of small populations or
   specialist species that rely on a narrow range of resources or habitat
   (UKBMS in Table 3, [24]). This pattern of species declines would lead
   to biotic homogenization as rarer species are lost and common,
   disturbance-tolerant species remain [73,74]. However, our study adds
   another example of declines in common butterfly species thought to be
   well-suited to human-modified habitat [11,21,75].

   The Eastern North American migratory Monarch (Danaus plexippus)
   abundance in Ohio is declining by 7% per year. The Monarch is the only
   declining migratory species out of 14 in our analysis. Despite
   disagreements about whether summer abundance trends have tracked winter
   colony declines [76,77], our study shows that the long-term trends
   correspond. However, our study’s first two years have very high Monarch
   population indices which could be outliers (Fig 3) following the two
   largest recorded winter population counts [16,78]. With these two years
   removed, the statewide Monarch trend is a 4% decline per year, showing
   that the magnitude of summer abundance trends are sensitive to the
   years of data included. Our results align with a study using Illinois
   systematic monitoring data that shows a summer abundance decline for
   monarchs over two decades, but only during the period from 1994–2003,
   not from 2004–2013 [79]. A more recent study showed no decline during
   the summer during 2004–2016 using a population index from NABA counts
   [78]. The trend we document comes from the sum of multiple summer
   breeding generations and fall migratory butterflies returning to
   Mexico; estimates of abundance for these separate generations may be
   required to model how different stages of the lifecycle contribute to
   the long-term decline in the winter colonies [78].

   Our statewide analysis has potential limitations when used to evaluate
   individual species for potential conservation interventions or
   forecasts of population trajectories. Even with systematic monitoring,
   accurate estimates of insect abundance are missing from many species—a
   fifth of regularly observed species in Ohio did not meet our minimum
   data requirements to for us to estimate trends. None of these species
   are considered to be of conservation concern, but this also means that
   we would be limited in our ability to determine if their populations
   have reached threatened status. Targeted surveys of selected species,
   non-adult life stages, or rarely-sampled habitats can expand the
   monitoring to data-deficient species commonly excluded by protocols
   designed to monitor many species efficiently [51] and can be used to
   estimate demographic responses to environmental drivers not apparent
   from adult butterfly counts [80]. Additional targeted species
   assessments could inform how worried we should be about the extreme
   population declines estimated for species observed at fewer than 10
   monitoring sites (Table 2). However, more data and more complex
   population models may not always lead to accurate predictions for
   insect population trajectories [81]. Rather than recommending other
   systematic monitoring programs accumulate decades of data before
   assessing insect declines, we would advocate sharing data across
   regional programs to increase statistical power, as in [11], and
   integrating systematic monitoring with historical records and
   opportunistic observations to assess insect vulnerability more rapidly
   by using all potential sources of data [82,83].

   Insect declines have multifaceted causes, and the relative impact of
   these causes is still unknown [84]. Although analysis of the causes of
   site differences in abundance or species trends is beyond the scope of
   this study, we discuss three environmental drivers commonly associated
   with global insect declines: habitat loss and fragmentation, climate
   change, and agricultural intensification [84,85]. If species’ traits
   are associated with population trends, then their relationships may
   suggest which environmental changes affect population responses in
   species sharing these traits [47,84,86]. In this study, life-history
   traits were weakly predictive of population trends, but their
   associations provide hypotheses that could be tested further [47].

Habitat loss and fragmentation

   In Ohio, habitat loss and fragmentation plateaued well before butterfly
   monitoring started, with human population growth slowing by 1970. In
   common with other Midwestern states, Ohio had already lost tallgrass
   prairie species, such as the Regal Fritillary (Speyeria idalia), due to
   habitat conversion to agriculture [25,26]. Land-use has changed slowly
   over the course of the monitoring program; fewer than 10% of monitoring
   sites have had more than 2.5% change in the surrounding (2-km radius)
   developed, agriculture, or forest land cover from 2001–2011 [29]. The
   persistence of butterfly populations in a landscape of habitat
   fragments are mediated by species’ traits that permit them to either
   move between more isolated resources or persist in smaller, localized
   populations [85,87]. Wing size is one life history trait associated
   with dispersal ability, but it had no association with species’
   population trends (Tables A and B in S1 Appendix). However, defining
   habitat patches by land-use classes overlooks how mobile insect
   populations are bound by resources, varying across the lifecycle,
   rather than area [88,89]. Although there has been little wholesale
   habitat conversion around our study transects, degradation of the
   remaining habitat could be a cause of the general decline in butterfly
   abundance.

Climate change

   Species trends are associated with two life-history traits, voltinism
   and range distribution, which suggest that the butterfly community is
   changing with the warming climate. Species that only complete one
   annual generation, or univoltine species, had more negative abundance
   trends. This aligns with obligate univoltine species becoming less
   common in Massachusetts [20], but is the opposite of the findings in
   Spain where multivoltine species are in steeper declines with exposure
   to increasingly dry summers [40]. Multivoltine species may be more
   adaptive to annual and spatial variation in growing season length as
   many have plasticity in the voltinism observed within Ohio [25]. For
   many species with flexible voltinism in Ohio, adding an extra
   generation in warmer summers increases their annual population growth
   rates [55]. Northern-distributed species have more negative population
   trends compared to widely distributed or southern species. This
   corresponds with findings from Massachusetts and Europe that
   warm-adapted species are replacing cool-adapted species as range
   distributions shift [20,90]. Even though these two traits should
   increase abundance for some species as the climate warms, it has not
   been enough to prevent the overall decline in butterfly abundance.

Agricultural intensification

   Cropland and pasture make up half of Ohio’s land area, so we would
   expect agricultural practices to affect statewide insect abundance. One
   assessment of pollinator habitat suitability based on land-use,
   conservation reserve program acreage, and crop type estimated an
   increase in resources in Ohio from 1982 through 2002, followed by a
   stable trend [91]. However, agricultural practices can decrease insect
   abundance with systemic insecticides, herbicide use on host plants or
   nectar resources, and nitrogen fertilization that alters the
   composition of surrounding plant communities.

   In Ohio, the use of neonicotinoids rapidly increased after 2004 when
   they became widely used on corn and soybeans [92,93]. The mechanistic
   link between neonicotinoid insecticides and insect declines is
   established and observational studies have shown widespread impacts of
   their use [94–96]. Even though seed-coatings with neonicotinoids reduce
   broadcast spraying, the mechanical planting of these seeds exposes
   widespread areas around farms to contaminated dust that exposes
   non-target plants and insects to biologically-relevant concentrations
   [97,98]. In the United Kingdom and California, neonicotinoids are
   associated with butterfly declines [22,99] and hinder butterfly larval
   development on host plants [100]. We did not design this study to test
   whether neonicotinoids affect butterfly abundance in Ohio. However, the
   observed declines across common and generalist species, which we
   otherwise would expect to exploit an agricultural or human-altered
   landscape, would be consistent with widespread exposure to
   insecticides.

   Species that eat forbs as larvae have negative population trends (Fig
   5). Both herbicide use and nitrogen deposition may alter plant
   communities to favor grasses over forbs [101]. In Ohio, glyphosate use
   has increased linearly, and is now applied at 6 times the rate it was
   in 1996 [92,93]. Milkweed losses, attributed to increased glyphosate
   use in the Midwest, contribute to declines in Monarch butterfly
   abundance [79,80]. Nitrogen increases, which may come from
   fertilization or atmospheric deposition, have been linked to declines
   in grassland butterfly species adapted to low-nitrogen environments
   [102–104] and to higher mortality during larval development on enriched
   host plants [105].

Conclusions

   Systematic, long-term surveys of butterflies provide the most rigorous
   estimate for the rate of insect declines. This study demonstrates that
   defaunation is happening in North America similarly to Europe. In
   landscapes comprising natural areas amid heavy human land-use,
   butterfly total abundance is declining at 2% per year and 2–3 times
   more species have population trends declining rather than increasing.
   Additional Pollard-based monitoring programs in North America, listed
   in [9], will enable tracking insect trends over larger spatial extents
   as will efforts to integrate data across European monitoring schemes
   [11]. The rates for other insect groups may deviate from this baseline
   and were previously estimated to be declining more rapidly than
   Lepidoptera [1]. Expanded monitoring and support for taxonomists are
   imperative for other taxa and under sampled regions, like the Tropics
   where most insect diversity resides. Besides the evaluation if
   butterfly trends generalize to other insects, the most urgent research
   needs are understanding the causes of decline and testing mitigation
   strategies. As butterflies are the best-monitored insect taxa, they are
   the best indicator of the baseline threat to the 5.5 million insect
   species, the most diverse group of animals on earth.

Supporting information

S1 Appendix. Supplementary methods and results.

   Includes detailed methods for phenology models and phylogenetic trees,
   a figure of species trends plotted on a cladogram, two tables of model
   results from the trait analysis, and a table comparing our trend
   estimates with three other approaches.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.s001

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   We thank the volunteers and directors who contribute their time and
   expertise to the Ohio butterfly monitoring program. The Ohio Department
   of Natural Resources provides support, the Cleveland Museum of Natural
   History provides data entry and archiving, and the Ohio Lepidopterists
   provides training and coordination for the Ohio butterfly monitoring
   program. We thank Marjorie Weber for advice on our phylogenetic
   analysis. The Department of the Interior Southeast Climate Adaptation
   Science Center and North Carolina State University supported TW during
   earlier work with Ohio butterflies that grew into this analysis.

References

    1. 1. Dirzo R, Young HS, Galetti M, Ceballos G, Isaac NJB, Collen B.
       Defaunation in the Anthropocene. Science. 2014;345: 401–406.
       pmid:25061202
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. May RM. How many species are there on earth? Science. 1988;241:
       1441–1449. pmid:17790039
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Conrad KF, Fox R, Woiwod IP. Monitoring biodiversity: measuring
       long-term changes in insect abundance. Insect conservation biology.
       2007; 203–225.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Hallmann CA, Sorg M, Jongejans E, Siepel H, Hofland N, Schwan H,
       et al. More than 75 percent decline over 27 years in total flying
       insect biomass in protected areas. Lamb EG, editor. PLOS ONE.
       2017;12: e0185809. pmid:29045418
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Lister BC, Garcia A. Climate-driven declines in arthropod
       abundance restructure a rainforest food web. PNAS. 2018;115:
       E10397–E10406. pmid:30322922
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Winfree RW. Fox J, Williams NM, Reilly JR, Cariveau DP.
       Abundance of common species, not species richness, drives delivery
       of a real-world ecosystem service. Shea K, editor. Ecology Letters.
       2015;18: 626–635. pmid:25959973
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Warren MS, Hill JK, Thomas JA, Asher J, Fox R, Huntley B, et al.
       Rapid responses of British butterflies to opposing forces of
       climate and habitat change. 2001;414: 5.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Parmesan C. Ecological and Evolutionary Responses to Recent
       Climate Change. Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution, and
       Systematics. 2006;37: 637–669.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Taron D, Ries L. Butterfly Monitoring for Conservation. In:
       Daniels JC, editor. Butterfly Conservation in North America.
       Dordrecht: Springer Netherlands; 2015. pp. 35–57.
   10. 10. Pollard E, Yates TJ. Monitoring butterflies for ecology and
       conservation: the British butterfly monitoring scheme. Springer
       Science & Business Media; 1994.
   11. 11. Van Swaay C, Van Strien A, Aghababyan K, Astrom S, Botham M,
       Brereton T, et al. The European Butterfly Indicator for Grassland
       species: 1990–2013. 2015;
   12. 12. Schmucki R, Pe’er G, Roy DB, Stefanescu C, Van Swaay CAM,
       Oliver TH, et al. A regionally informed abundance index for
       supporting integrative analyses across butterfly monitoring
       schemes. Müller J, editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2016;53:
       501–510.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Thomas JA. Monitoring change in the abundance and distribution
       of insects using butterflies and other indicator groups.
       Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological
       Sciences. 2005;360: 339–357. pmid:15814349
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Brereton T, Roy DB, Middlebrook I, Botham M, Warren M. The
       development of butterfly indicators in the United Kingdom and
       assessments in 2010. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2011;15:
       139–151.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Dennis EB, Morgan BJT, Roy DB, Brereton TM. Urban indicators
       for UK butterflies. Ecological Indicators. 2017;76: 184–193.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Agrawal AA, Inamine H. Mechanisms behind the monarch’s decline.
       Science. 2018;360: 1294–1296. pmid:29930122
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Schultz CB, Brown LM, Pelton E, Crone EE. Citizen science
       monitoring demonstrates dramatic declines of monarch butterflies in
       western North America. Biological Conservation. 2017;214: 343–346.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Belitz MW, Hendrick LK, Monfils MJ, Cuthrell DL, Marshall CJ,
       Kawahara AY, et al. Aggregated occurrence records of the federally
       endangered Poweshiek skipperling (Oarisma poweshiek). Biodiversity
       data journal. 2018;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Haddad NM. Resurrection and resilience of the rarest
       butterflies. PLOS Biology. 2018;16: e2003488. pmid:29408908
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Breed GA, Stichter S, Crone EE. Climate-driven changes in
       northeastern US butterfly communities. Nature Climate Change.
       2013;3: 142–145.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Forister ML, McCall AC, Sanders NJ, Fordyce JA, Thorne JH,
       O’Brien J, et al. Compounded effects of climate change and habitat
       alteration shift patterns of butterfly diversity. Proceedings of
       the National Academy of Sciences. 2010;107: 2088–2092.
       pmid:20133854
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Forister ML, Cousens B, Harrison JG, Anderson K, Thorne JH,
       Waetjen D, et al. Increasing neonicotinoid use and the declining
       butterfly fauna of lowland California. Biology Letters. 2016;12:
       20160475. pmid:27531159
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Schlicht D, Swengel A, Swengel S. Meta-analysis of survey data
       to assess trends of prairie butterflies in Minnesota, USA during
       1979–2005. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2009;13: 429–447.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Swengel SR, Schlicht D, Olsen F, Swengel AB. Declines of
       prairie butterflies in the midwestern USA. Journal of Insect
       Conservation. 2011;15: 327–339.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Iftner DC, Shuey JA, Calhoun JV. Butterflies and skippers of
       Ohio. College of Biological Sciences, Ohio State University; 1992.
   26. 26. Shuey JA, Calhoun JV, Iftner DC. Butterflies that are
       endangered, threatened, and of special concern in Ohio. 1987;
   27. 27. Bigelow D, Borchers A. Major uses of land in the United States,
       2012 [Internet]. USDA Economic Research Service; 2017. Report No.:
       EIB-178.
       https://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/pub-details/?pubid=84879
   28. 28. Thornton PE, Running SW, White MA. Generating surfaces of daily
       meteorological variables over large regions of complex terrain.
       Journal of Hydrology. 1997;190: 214–251.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Homer C, Dewitz J, Yang L, Jin S, Danielson P, Xian G, et al.
       Completion of the 2011 National Land Cover Database for the
       conterminous United States–representing a decade of land cover
       change information. Photogrammetric Engineering & Remote Sensing.
       2015;81: 345–354.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Diamond SE, Cayton H, Wepprich T, Jenkins CN, Dunn RR, Haddad
       NM, et al. Unexpected phenological responses of butterflies to the
       interaction of urbanization and geographic temperature. Ecology.
       2014;95: 2613–2621.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Dennis EB, Freeman SN, Brereton T, Roy DB. Indexing butterfly
       abundance whilst accounting for missing counts and variability in
       seasonal pattern. O’Hara RB, editor. Methods in Ecology and
       Evolution. 2013;4: 637–645.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Opler PA, Krizek GO. Butterflies east of the Great Plains: an
       illustrated natural history. Johns Hopkins Univ Pr; 1984.
   33. 33. Dennis EB, Morgan BJT, Freeman SN, Brereton TM, Roy DB. A
       generalized abundance index for seasonal invertebrates: A
       Generalized Abundance Index for Seasonal Invertebrates. Biometrics.
       2016;72: 1305–1314.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Wood SN. Generalized Additive Models: An Introduction with R.
       2nd ed. Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2017.
   35. 35. Cordano EE& E. Interpol.T: Hourly interpolation of multiple
       temperature daily series [Internet]. 2013.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Interpol.T
   36. 36. Cayton HL, Haddad NM, Gross K, Diamond SE, Ries L. Do growing
       degree days predict phenology across butterfly species? Ecology.
       2015;96: 1473–1479.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Link WA, Sauer JR. Estimating Population Change from Count
       Data: Application to the North American Breeding Bird Survey.
       Ecological Applications. 1998;8: 258.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Pellet J, Bried JT, Parietti D, Gander A, Heer PO, Cherix D, et
       al. Monitoring Butterfly Abundance: Beyond Pollard Walks. Schweiger
       O, editor. PLoS ONE. 2012;7: e41396. pmid:22859980
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Henry EH, Anderson CT. Abundance estimates to inform butterfly
       management: double-observer versus distance sampling. Journal of
       Insect Conservation. 2016;20: 505–514.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Melero Y, Stefanescu C, Pino J. General declines in
       Mediterranean butterflies over the last two decades are modulated
       by species traits. Biological Conservation. 2016;201: 336–342.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Haddad NM, Hudgens B, Damiani C, Gross K, Kuefler D, Pollock K.
       Determining Optimal Population Monitoring for Rare Butterflies:
       Monitoring Rare Butterflies. Conservation Biology. 2008;22:
       929–940.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Isaac NJB, Cruickshanks KL, Weddle AM, Marcus Rowcliffe J,
       Brereton TM, Dennis RLH, et al. Distance sampling and the challenge
       of monitoring butterfly populations: Distance sampling and
       monitoring butterflies. Methods in Ecology and Evolution. 2011;2:
       585–594.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Knape J. Decomposing trends in Swedish bird populations using
       generalized additive mixed models. Siriwardena G, editor. Journal
       of Applied Ecology. 2016;53: 1852–1861.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Szabo JK, Vesk PA, Baxter PWJ, Possingham HP. Regional avian
       species declines estimated from volunteer-collected long-term data
       using List Length Analysis. Ecological Applications. 2010;20:
       2157–2169. pmid:21265449
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. van Strien AJ, van Swaay CAM, Termaat T. Opportunistic citizen
       science data of animal species produce reliable estimates of
       distribution trends if analysed with occupancy models. Devictor V,
       editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2013;50: 1450–1458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Roy DB, Ploquin EF, Randle Z, Risely K, Botham MS, Middlebrook
       I, et al. Comparison of trends in butterfly populations between
       monitoring schemes. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2015;19:
       313–324.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Soykan CU, Sauer J, Schuetz JG, LeBaron GS, Dale K, Langham GM.
       Population trends for North American winter birds based on
       hierarchical models. Ecosphere. 2016;7: e01351.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Kraemer HC, Blasey CM. Centring in regression analyses: a
       strategy to prevent errors in statistical inference. International
       Journal of Methods in Psychiatric Research. 2004;13: 141–151.
       pmid:15297898
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Harrison XA. Using observation-level random effects to model
       overdispersion in count data in ecology and evolution. PeerJ.
       2014;2: e616. pmid:25320683
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Pannekoek J, Van Strien A. Trim 3 Manual (TRends & Indices for
       Monitoring data)–Statistics Netherlands. Voorburg; 2001.
   51. 51. Brereton T, Botham M, Middlebrook I, Randle Z, Noble D, Harris
       S, et al. United Kingdom Butterfly Monitoring Scheme report for
       2017 [Internet]. Centre for Ecology & Hydrology & Butterfly
       Conservation; 2018.
       http://www.ukbms.org/docs/reports/2017/UKBMS%20Butterfly%20Ann%20Re
       port%202017_Low%20Res.pdf
   52. 52. Van Swaay CAM, Bos G, Van Grunsven RHA, Kok J, Huskens K, Van
       Deijk JR, et al. Vlinders en libellen geteld: Jaarverslag 2017
       [Internet]. De Vlinderstichting, Wageningen; 2018. Report No.:
       Rapport VS2018.006.
       https://assets.vlinderstichting.nl/docs/6d51f174-b497-4777-b84a-362
       e344c3528.pdf
   53. 53. Stefanescu C. Resum de les temporades 2015 i 2016. Cynthia:
       Butlletí del Butterfly Monitoring Scheme a Catalunya. 2018;14.
       http://www.catalanbms.org/es/cynthia/
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Rohatgi A. WebPlotDigitizer [Internet]. 2019.
       https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer
   55. 55. Wepprich TM. Effects of Climatic Variability on a Statewide
       Butterfly Community. [Internet]. North Carolina State University.
       2017. http://www.lib.ncsu.edu/resolver/1840.20/34345
   56. 56. Diamond SE, Frame AM, Martin RA, Buckley LB. Species’ traits
       predict phenological responses to climate change in butterflies.
       2011;92: 8.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Pagel M. Inferring the historical patterns of biological
       evolution. Nature. 1999;401: 877–884. pmid:10553904
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Clark K, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Sayers EW.
       GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res. 2016;44: D67–D72. pmid:26590407
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   59. 59. Ratnasingham S, Hebert PD. BOLD: The Barcode of Life Data
       System (http://www.barcodinglife.org). Molecular ecology notes.
       2007;7: 355–364. pmid:18784790
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   60. 60. Espeland M, Breinholt J, Willmott KR, Warren AD, Vila R,
       Toussaint EFA, et al. A Comprehensive and Dated Phylogenomic
       Analysis of Butterflies. Current Biology. 2018;28: 770–778.e5.
       pmid:29456146
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. R Core Team. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical
       Computing [Internet]. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for Statistical
       Computing; 2018. https://www.R-project.org/
   62. 62. Bates D, Mächler M, Bolker B, Walker S. Fitting Linear
       Mixed-Effects Models Using lme4. Journal of Statistical Software.
       2015;67.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Orme D, Freckleton R, Thomas G, Petzoldt T. The caper package:
       comparative analysis of phylogenetics and evolution in R. R package
       version. 2013;5.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Paradis E, Schliep K. ape 5.0: an environment for modern
       phylogenetics and evolutionary analyses in R. Bioinformatics.
       2018;xx: xxx–xxx.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Knowles JE, Frederick C. merTools: Tools for Analyzing Mixed
       Effect Regression Models [Internet]. 2018.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=merTools
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   66. 66. Nakagawa S, Schielzeth H. A general and simple method for
       obtaining R^2 from generalized linear mixed-effects models. O’Hara
       RB, editor. Methods in Ecology and Evolution. 2013;4: 133–142.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   67. 67. Barton K. MuMIn: Multi-Model Inference [Internet]. 2018.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=MuMIn
   68. 68. Conrad KF, Woiwod IP, Parsons M, Fox R, Warren MS. Long-term
       population trends in widespread British moths. Journal of Insect
       Conservation. 2004;8: 119–136.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   69. 69. Hunter MD, Kozlov MV, Itämies J, Pulliainen E, Bäck J, Kyrö
       E-M, et al. Current temporal trends in moth abundance are counter
       to predicted effects of climate change in an assemblage of
       subarctic forest moths. Global Change Biology. 2014;20: 1723–1737.
       pmid:24421221
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   70. 70. Herrera CM. Complex long-term dynamics of pollinator abundance
       in undisturbed Mediterranean montane habitats over two decades.
       Ecological Monographs. 2019;89: e01338.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   71. 71. Cech R, Tudor G, others. Butterflies of the east coast.
       Princeton University Press; 2005.
   72. 72. Ryan SF, Lombaert E, Espeset A, Vila R, Talavera G, Dincă V, et
       al. Global invasion history of the world’s most abundant pest
       butterfly: a citizen science population genomics study. bioRxiv.
       2018; 506162.
   73. 73. McKinney ML, Lockwood JL. Biotic homogenization: a few winners
       replacing many losers in the next mass extinction. Trends in
       ecology & evolution. 1999;14: 450–453.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   74. 74. Clavel J, Julliard R, Devictor V. Worldwide decline of
       specialist species: toward a global functional homogenization?
       Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment. 2011;9: 222–228.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   75. 75. Van Dyck H, Van Strien AJ, Maes D, Van Swaay CAM. Declines in
       Common, Widespread Butterflies in a Landscape under Intense Human
       Use. Conservation Biology. 2009;23: 957–965. pmid:19637406
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   76. 76. Ries L, Oberhauser K, Taron D, Battin J, Rendon-Salinas E,
       Altizer S, et al. Connecting eastern monarch population dynamics
       across their migratory cycle. Monarchs in a changing world: Biology
       and conservation of an iconic insect Cornell University Press,
       Ithaca, NY. 2015; 268–281.
   77. 77. Pleasants JM, Williams EH, Brower LP, Oberhauser KS, Taylor OR.
       Conclusion of No Decline in Summer Monarch Population Not
       Supported. Ann Entomol Soc Am. 2016;109: 169–171.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   78. 78. Saunders SP, Ries L, Neupane N, Ramírez MI, García-Serrano E,
       Rendón-Salinas E, et al. Multiscale seasonal factors drive the size
       of winter monarch colonies. Proceedings of the National Academy of
       Sciences. 2019; 201805114. pmid:30886097
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   79. 79. Saunders SP, Ries L, Oberhauser KS, Thogmartin WE, Zipkin EF.
       Local and cross-seasonal associations of climate and land use with
       abundance of monarch butterflies Danaus plexippus. Ecography.
       2018;41: 278–290.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   80. 80. Pleasants JM, Oberhauser KS. Milkweed loss in agricultural
       fields because of herbicide use: effect on the monarch butterfly
       population: Herbicide use and monarch butterflies. Insect
       Conservation and Diversity. 2013;6: 135–144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   81. 81. Oliver TH, Roy DB. The pitfalls of ecological forecasting.
       Biological Journal of the Linnean Society. 2015;115: 767–778.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   82. 82. Dennis EB, Morgan BJ, Brereton TM, Roy DB, Fox R. Using citizen
       science butterfly counts to predict species population trends.
       Conservation biology. 2017;31: 1350–1361. pmid:28474803
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   83. 83. Pagel J, Anderson BJ, O’Hara RB, Cramer W, Fox R, Jeltsch F, et
       al. Quantifying range-wide variation in population trends from
       local abundance surveys and widespread opportunistic occurrence
       records. McMahon S, editor. Methods in Ecology and Evolution.
       2014;5: 751–760.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   84. 84. Fox R. The decline of moths in Great Britain: a review of
       possible causes: The decline of moths in Great Britain. Insect
       Conservation and Diversity. 2013;6: 5–19.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   85. 85. Thomas JA. Butterfly communities under threat. Science.
       2016;353: 216–218. pmid:27418487
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   86. 86. Wong MKL, Guénard B, Lewis OT. Trait-based ecology of
       terrestrial arthropods. Biological Reviews. 2018;0. pmid:30548743
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   87. 87. Habel JC, Schmitt T. Vanishing of the common species: Empty
       habitats and the role of genetic diversity. Biological
       Conservation. 2018;218: 211–216.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   88. 88. Dennis RLH, Shreeve TG, Dyck HV. Towards a Functional
       Resource-Based Concept for Habitat: A Butterfly Biology Viewpoint.
       Oikos. 2003;102: 417–426.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   89. 89. Curtis RJ, Brereton TM, Dennis RLH, Carbone C, Isaac NJB.
       Butterfly abundance is determined by food availability and is
       mediated by species traits. Diamond S, editor. Journal of Applied
       Ecology. 2015;52: 1676–1684.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   90. 90. Parmesan C, Ryrholm N, Stefanescu C, Hill JK, Thomas CD,
       Descimon H, et al. Poleward shifts in geographical ranges of
       butterfly species associated with regional warming. Nature.
       1999;399: 579–583.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   91. 91. Daniel Hellerstein, Claudia Hitaj, David Smith, Amerlie Davis.
       Land Use, Land Cover, and Pollinator Health: A Review and Trend
       Analysis [Internet]. USDA Economic Research Service; 2017 Jun p.
       47. https://ageconsearch.umn.edu/record/263074
   92. 92. Baker NT, Stone WW. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use
       for counties of the conterminous United States, 2008–12: U.S.
       Geological Survey Data Series 907 [Internet]. US Geological Survey;
       p. 9. https://dx.doi.org/10.3133/ds907.
   93. 93. Stone WW. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use for
       counties of the conterminous United States, 1992–2009. US
       Geological Survey; 2013.
   94. 94. Goulson D. REVIEW: An overview of the environmental risks posed
       by neonicotinoid insecticides. Kleijn D, editor. Journal of Applied
       Ecology. 2013;50: 977–987.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   95. 95. Hallmann CA, Foppen RPB, van Turnhout CAM, de Kroon H,
       Jongejans E. Declines in insectivorous birds are associated with
       high neonicotinoid concentrations. Nature. 2014;511: 341–343.
       pmid:25030173
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   96. 96. Pisa L, Goulson D, Yang E-C, Gibbons D, Sánchez-Bayo F,
       Mitchell E, et al. An update of the Worldwide Integrated Assessment
       (WIA) on systemic insecticides. Part 2: impacts on organisms and
       ecosystems. Environ Sci Pollut Res. 2017; pmid:29124633
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   97. 97. Douglas MR, Tooker JF. Large-Scale Deployment of Seed
       Treatments Has Driven Rapid Increase in Use of Neonicotinoid
       Insecticides and Preemptive Pest Management in U.S. Field Crops.
       Environmental Science & Technology. 2015;49: 5088–5097.
       pmid:25793443
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   98. 98. Krupke CH, Holland JD, Long EY, Eitzer BD. Planting of
       neonicotinoid-treated maize poses risks for honey bees and other
       non-target organisms over a wide area without consistent crop yield
       benefit. Diamond S, editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2017;54:
       1449–1458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   99. 99. Gilburn AS, Bunnefeld N, Wilson JM, Botham MS, Brereton TM, Fox
       R, et al. Are neonicotinoid insecticides driving declines of
       widespread butterflies? PeerJ. 2015;3: e1402. pmid:26623186
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   100. 100. Basley K, Goulson D. Effects of Field-Relevant Concentrations
       of Clothianidin on Larval Development of the Butterfly Polyommatus
       icarus (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae). Environ Sci Technol. 2018;52:
       3990–3996. pmid:29553241
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   101. 101. Kleijn D, Snoeijing GIJ. Field Boundary Vegetation and the
       Effects of Agrochemical Drift: Botanical Change Caused by Low
       Levels of Herbicide and Fertilizer. Journal of Applied Ecology.
       1997;34: 1413–1425.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   102. 102. Weiss SB. Cars, cows, and checkerspot butterflies: nitrogen
       deposition and management of nutrient-poor grasslands for a
       threatened species. Conservation Biology. 1999;13: 1476–1486.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   103. 103. Öckinger E, Hammarstedt O, Nilsson SG, Smith HG. The
       relationship between local extinctions of grassland butterflies and
       increased soil nitrogen levels. Biological Conservation. 2006;128:
       564–573.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   104. 104. WallisDeVries MF, van Swaay CAM. A nitrogen index to track
       changes in butterfly species assemblages under nitrogen deposition.
       Biological Conservation. 2017;212: 448–453.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   105. 105. Kurze S, Heinken T, Fartmann T. Nitrogen enrichment in host
       plants increases the mortality of common Lepidoptera species.
       Oecologia. 2018;188: 1227–1237. pmid:30288608
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Moths and butterflies
       Is the Subject Area "Moths and butterflies" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insects
       Is the Subject Area "Insects" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Ohio
       Is the Subject Area "Ohio" applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes
       (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Europe
       Is the Subject Area "Europe" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Plants
       Is the Subject Area "Plants" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Habitats
       Is the Subject Area "Habitats" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Species diversity
       Is the Subject Area "Species diversity" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS Biology

     * Browse
          + Current Issue
          + Journal Archive
          + Collections
          + Find and Read Articles
     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Other Article Types
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       PLOS Biology provides an Open Access platform to showcase your best
       research and commentary across all areas of biological science.
       Submit Now
     * About
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation Phenology Slows the Demography of
Roe Deer

     * Floriane Plard,
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯
     * Jean-Michel Gaillard ,
       * E-mail: jean-michel.gaillard@univ-lyon1.fr
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯
     * Tim Coulson,
       Affiliation Department of Zoology, The Tinbergen Building,
       University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * A. J. Mark Hewison,
       Affiliation INRA, UR035 CEFS, B.P. 52627, Castanet-Tolosan cedex,
       France
       ⨯
     * Daniel Delorme,
       Affiliation Centre National d'Études et de Recherches Appliquées
       Cervidés-Sangliers, Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune
       Sauvage, Paris, France
       ⨯
     * Claude Warnant,
       Affiliation Centre National d'Études et de Recherches Appliquées
       Cervidés-Sangliers, Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune
       Sauvage, Paris, France
       ⨯
     * Christophe Bonenfant
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯

Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation Phenology Slows the Demography of
Roe Deer

     * Floriane Plard,
     * Jean-Michel Gaillard,
     * Tim Coulson,
     * A. J. Mark Hewison,
     * Daniel Delorme,
     * Claude Warnant,
     * Christophe Bonenfant

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: April 1, 2014
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Figure 1
   Figure 2
   Figure 3

Abstract

   Marked impacts of climate change on biodiversity have frequently been
   demonstrated, including temperature-related shifts in phenology and
   life-history traits. One potential major impact of climate change is
   the modification of synchronization between the phenology of different
   trophic levels. High phenotypic plasticity in laying date has allowed
   many bird species to track the increasingly early springs resulting
   from recent environmental change, but although changes in the timing of
   reproduction have been well studied in birds, these questions have only
   recently been addressed in mammals. To track peak resource
   availability, large herbivores like roe deer, with a widespread
   distribution across Europe, should also modify their life-history
   schedule in response to changes in vegetation phenology over time. In
   this study, we analysed the influence of climate change on the timing
   of roe deer births and the consequences for population demography and
   individual fitness. Our study provides a rare quantification of the
   demographic costs associated with the failure of a species to modify
   its phenology in response to a changing world. Given these fitness
   costs, the lack of response of roe deer birth dates to match the
   increasingly earlier onset of spring is in stark contrast with the
   marked phenotypic responses to climate change reported in many other
   mammals. We suggest that the lack of phenotypic plasticity in birth
   timing in roe deer is linked to its inability to track environmental
   cues of variation in resource availability for the timing of
   parturition.

Author Summary

   Climate change can alter the synchronization of life cycles between
   organisms at different points in the food chain. If species do not
   respond to climate change, the timing of peak resource availability may
   fail to match the timing of peak energy expenditure. Many bird species
   have been able to advance their laying date to match a change in the
   timing of caterpillar abundance. Herbivores are similarly expected to
   track changes in the timing of vegetation growth. In this study, we
   combine statistical analysis with demographic modeling to analyze the
   influence of a climate-driven shift in the timing of the spring
   vegetation flush on the birth date and demography of roe deer. In
   recent years, climate change has generated a marked increase in local
   temperatures and a progressively earlier vegetation flush. Despite
   these changes, we observed no shift in timing of the birth date of roe
   deer over the 27-year study period. This failure to track environmental
   change resulted in a mismatch between vegetation flush and birth date,
   which in turn caused a decrease in survival of the young, and hence a
   reduction in roe deer fitness. Birth date was under strong directional
   selection, but was not strongly heritable, suggesting that any
   evolutionary response of birth date to climate change might be limited.
   We suggest that a plastic response in birth date did not occur because
   reproduction is triggered by day length rather than resource
   availability in roe deer.

   Citation: Plard F, Gaillard J-M, Coulson T, Hewison AJM, Delorme D,
   Warnant C, et al. (2014) Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation
   Phenology Slows the Demography of Roe Deer. PLoS Biol 12(4): e1001828.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828

   Academic Editor: Georgina M. Mace, University College London, United
   Kingdom

   Received: August 30, 2013; Accepted: February 19, 2014; Published:
   April 1, 2014

   Copyright: © 2014 Plard et al. This is an open-access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Funding: The sources of funding that supported the work presented in
   this paper include grants from the Office National de la Chasse et de
   la Faune Sauvage (to FP, JMG, CB, DD, and CW), from the Institut
   National de la Recherche Agronomique (to MH), from the Centre National
   de la Recherche Scientifique (to CB and JMG), and from the European
   Research Council (TC). The funders had no role in study design, data
   collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the
   manuscript.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

   Abbreviations: IPM, Integral Projection Model

Introduction

   Marked impacts of climate change on biodiversity have frequently been
   demonstrated, including temperature-related shifts in phenology and
   life-history traits [1]. Species living at high altitudes or latitudes
   are particularly affected by climate change [2],[3], but widespread
   species inhabiting temperate areas are also responding [4]. Global
   temperatures have risen by 0.89°C since 1901 [5], and this has led to
   an advance in the timing of key life-history events by, on average, 2.8
   d per decade [6]. Earlier springs have caused phenological
   modifications in most taxonomic groups [1],[7]. The phenology of
   vegetation, particularly trees, has advanced with time (by 3.3 d per
   decade [6]). A failure of species to track these changes may have
   important demographic consequences that, in turn, could impact
   conservation and management issues. Changes in the timing of
   reproduction have been well studied in birds [8]–[10], but have only
   recently been considered in mammals [3],[4],[11]. These studies suggest
   that a change in the timing of peak resource availability typically
   generates a change in median laying or breeding date [9],[12],[13].
   This response ensures that individuals can synchronize their energetic
   demands for offspring production and provisioning [14] with the period
   when environmental conditions are the most favorable [15].

   A key question about the consequences of global change is which species
   can respond and how [16]. Although most studied species have responded
   to match resource availability with energy requirements, the response
   is not always exact or immediate [17],[18]. Phenotypic plasticity may
   play a major role in the adjustment of reproductive timing to earlier
   springs [19]. In a population of great tits, those individuals that
   could vary their reproductive timing the most had higher fitness [20].
   But for individuals to shift their reproductive cycle in order to track
   environmental modifications, they require a reliable environmental cue
   [21],[22]. The timing of breeding is influenced by photoperiod in many
   species of birds and mammals [23]–[25], a cue that is clearly
   unaffected by climate change. Nonetheless, some species, including the
   great tit and red deer, rely on temperature [26],[27] to minimize the
   mismatch between birth timing and the peak resource availability. If
   earlier breeding increases fitness, selection could also drive a
   micro-evolutionary change in terms of advanced reproductive timing [8]
   as long as birth date is heritable. The relative role of phenotypic
   plasticity and micro-evolutionary change remains largely unquantified
   [28], although Réale et al. [4] showed that the advance in birth timing
   in red squirrel was mostly due to phenotypic plasticity rather than
   micro-evolution. Although some species have advanced their birth timing
   in response to increasing temperature, some species have not [29]
   whereas others have delayed their reproductive phenology [1]. For
   instance, Columbian ground squirrels have delayed their breeding
   phenology by 0.47 d per year over a period of 20 y, leading to a
   reduction in fitness by a half between 1993 and 2003 [3]. On the other
   hand, birth timing in caribou advanced at a much slower rate than the
   vegetation flush over a period of 33 years, so that the mismatch
   between birth timing and peak resource availability increased, causing
   calf production to decline [30],[31].

   Births are highly seasonal and synchronous in most large herbivores
   [32], including roe deer [33],[34], in which more than 90% occur within
   1 mo [35]. Roe deer females are income breeders and selectively feed on
   highly digestible and nutritious young shoots, especially during early
   lactation when energetic demand peaks [14]. Synchrony between births
   and the peak availability of high-quality vegetation is expected to be
   crucial for successful recruitment. The reproductive cycle of roe deer
   is unique among ungulates, including a phase of embryonic diapause that
   appears not to vary in duration among females [36]. As in reindeer
   where reproductive timing may be driven by day length [37], both
   ovulation and conception dates appear to be under the control of
   photoperiod [38], which could explain the lack of variation in
   parturition date across years for a given female [33],[35].

   Focusing on the mismatch between birth date and plant phenology, we
   investigate how climate change is currently affecting roe deer fitness.
   Our study on the intensively monitored roe deer population at Trois
   Fontaines, eastern France, spans 27 y, from 1985 to 2011. We tested the
   three following predictions: (i) As most mammals studied so far have
   shown a response to climate change, we expected that roe deer births
   should occur earlier in response to the advance in vegetation
   phenology. (ii) Because parturition date varies little across years for
   a given roe deer female [35], indicating limited phenotypic plasticity,
   but because it has been shown to be heritable in mammals [39],[40], and
   markedly influences early offspring survival [40], we expected any
   change in birth timing to be mainly the result of natural selection.
   And (iii) because such micro-evolutionary responses are often delayed,
   we expected that despite any advance in birth timing, the mismatch
   between peak energetic demand and peak resource availability should
   likely increase over time, leading to negative impacts on roe deer
   performance. Our study provides a unique quantification, to our
   knowledge, of the demographic costs associated with the failure of a
   species to modify its phenology in response to a warming world.

Results

Climate Change and Birth Date

   Analysis of local weather variables revealed a strong local impact of
   climate change that translated into increasingly earlier and warmer
   springs over time. Annual spring (April to June) temperature increased
   by 0.07°C per year (SE = 0.02, p = 0.001, Figure 1) at Trois Fontaines
   over the study period. Analysis of flowering date in the vineyards of
   the Champagne region indicated that annual timing of plant phenology in
   the region had advanced by 0.6 d per year (SE = 0.18, p = 0.002, Figure
   1) over this period, so that the peak in availability of high-quality
   resources for roe deer was increasingly early from 1985 to 2011. Spring
   mean temperature and flowering date in the Champagne region were
   negatively correlated over this period (ρ = −0.89, p<0.001). We
   therefore used flowering date as a proxy of the vegetation flush and
   compared it to annual variation in the timing of roe deer births. Roe
   deer give birth about 1 mo before the onset of flowering in Champagne
   because they preferentially feed on leaves and young shoots that become
   available before flowering. The mismatch between median birth date and
   vegetation phenology was estimated from the difference between median
   birth date and annual flowering date in the Champagne vineyards. We
   standardized this measure (by subtracting the observed value of
   mismatch in the first year (1985) from this variable) to obtain a
   relative measure of mismatch ranging from 0 in 1985 to 36 d in 2011.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 1. Temporal variation in spring temperature (A), flowering date
   in the vineyards of the Champagne region (B), the observed population
   mean of the mismatch between flowering date and median parturition date
   (C), and mean individual fitness predicted from the IPM (D) in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France from 1985 to 2011.

   The mismatch was estimated as the difference between median birth date
   and annual flowering date in the Champagne vineyards. We standardized
   this measure (by subtracting the observed value of the mismatch in the
   first year of study (1985) from this variable) to obtain a relative
   measure of mismatch ranging from 0 in 1985 to 36 d in 2011. Predicted
   trends are presented as black lines with 95% confidence intervals
   (dashed lines). Geometric means of mean individual fitness were
   calculated over periods of 4 y (black squares).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g001

   In contradiction with our first prediction, annual median birth date
   did not occur earlier over time. Both the mean and median birth dates
   of roe deer at Trois Fontaines remained remarkably stable among years
   (based on 1,095 birth dates, mean = 136.1, SE = 8.56; time trend,
   t = −0.82, p = 0.421; and median = 136, the 16th of May, t = −1.23,
   p = 0.232 for mean and median birth dates, respectively, Figure S4A).
   Neither the spring mean temperature nor flowering date in the Champagne
   region had a detectable influence on median birth date (Pearson's
   product moment, ρ = −0.07, p = 0.730 and ρ = 0.11, p = 0.575 for spring
   mean temperature and flowering date, respectively). Consequently, the
   mismatch between median birth date and vegetation phenology increased
   by 0.54 d per year (SE = 0.20, p = 0.011, Figure 1) between 1985 and
   2011. We did not find any correlation between median birth date and
   other environmental drivers (Table S1), suggesting that roe deer
   females are unable to track these potential environmental cues.

Parturition Date, a Trait Under Strong Selection Pressure

   We investigated whether birth date of roe deer fulfilled the three
   necessary conditions for evolutionary change to occur: variability,
   heritability, and a selection pressure [41]. First, variation in
   parturition date among roe deer females has been recently quantified
   and found to be consistently high within several populations [35], with
   long-lived and/or heavier females (i.e., high-quality individuals)
   giving birth earlier than low-quality females [42]. Second, we found no
   strong statistical support for heritability in parturition date when
   estimated from the parent–offspring relationship based on 28
   daughter–mother pairs (β = 0.234, SE = 0.13, p = 0.094, h^2 = 0.127).
   Third, we identified directional selection favoring early births, with
   a strong negative relationship between individual birth date and
   individual early survival from May 12th onwards (on a logit scale
   β = −0.06, SE = 0.01, p<0.001, Figure S1). Note that year was included
   as a categorical variable in this model to control for interannual
   variation in environmental conditions affecting early survival. A model
   including a threshold effect of individual birth date on individual
   early survival provided a better fit than a linear (ΔAIC = 6.12) or a
   quadratic (ΔAIC = 0.50) model. Thus, a fawn born before May 12th had,
   on average, a 50% chance of surviving to 8 mo of age, whereas a fawn
   born on May 31st had, on average, only a 24% chance of surviving to
   that age. Adding a term describing interactive effects between birth
   date and year did not improve the fit of the model (ΔAIC = 9.28),
   indicating that the response of individual early survival to individual
   birth date was consistent across cohorts. Taken together these results
   suggest that we should not expect a strong micro-evolutionary response
   of parturition date in roe deer.

Demographic Consequences

   At the population level, cohort-specific survival (measured as the
   proportion of fawns that survived to the onset of winter each year) was
   negatively correlated with our index of mismatch (arcsine-square root
   transformation: β = −0.009, SE = 0.003, p = 0.012). Adding a quadratic
   term (ΔAIC = 1.95) or a threshold effect (ΔAIC = 1.86) of mismatch did
   not improve model fit. Early cohort-specific survival of juveniles
   decreased by 40% with an increase in mismatch of 1 mo (Figure 2).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 2. Variation in mean cohort-specific early survival in relation
   to the mismatch between annual median birth date and vegetation
   phenology in the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   The predicted relationship is represented by a black line with 95%
   confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to fit the models are
   represented by black squares whose size is proportional to the standard
   error of mean cohort-specific early survival.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g002

   At the individual level, the mismatch was a better predictor of early
   survival (R^2 = 0.037) than birth date (R^2 = 0.025) (ΔAIC = 8.90,
   Table S2; note that year was not included in these models because
   interannual variation was integrated within the mismatch variable).
   Individual early survival was constant when the mismatch was 16 d or
   less, but then decreased linearly beyond 16 d of mismatch (Table S2,
   Figure 3). When birth occurred at least 1 mo (35 d) before flowering
   date in Champagne's vineyards, a fawn had an expected probability of
   0.5 of surviving to 8 mo of age, whereas this probability was only 0.25
   when birth occurred 2 wk prior to flowering (Figure 3).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 3. Influence of the mismatch (measured as the difference in days
   between individual birth date and flowering date in Champagne) on
   individual early survival in the roe deer population of Trois
   Fontaines, France.

   The predicted values are presented after back-transformation from a
   logit scale with 95% confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to
   fit the model are represented by black squares whose size is
   proportional to the number of observed births within periods of 2.5 d
   (examples in the figures: 1 (in white), 82 fawns; 2 (in white), 115
   fawns).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g003

   We built an IPM describing the temporal dynamics of parturition date in
   our roe deer population to quantify the impact of this increasing
   mismatch on roe deer fitness. The distribution of parturition date in
   the population at time t+1 depends on the distribution of parturition
   date at time t and on the four relationships linking parturition date
   with survival, recruitment, transition between two successive
   parturition events, and inheritance of parturition date between mother
   and offspring (see Text S1, Tables S2, S3, S4, and Figure S2 for
   further details [43],[44]). Annual flowering date in the vineyards of
   the Champagne region was included in the IPM to model the local shift
   in plant phenology. As most roe deer females give birth to two fawns
   [45] and the sex ratio is close to 0.5 at birth at Trois Fontaines
   [46], the recruitment function linking the number of female offspring a
   mother has successfully weaned given its parturition date was modeled
   by individual early survival (Table S5, Figure 3).

   The IPM predicted mean parturition date to occur on the 17th of May
   each year, with a very slight, but statistically significant, advance
   of just 0.27 d over the whole 27-y study period (β = −0.010,
   SE = 0.003, p = 0.006, Figure S4B). The model also predicted earlier
   parturition as females aged, with 2-y-old females giving birth, on
   average, 5 d later than older females (Figure S5). The estimated
   population growth rate, and so the mean fitness of females in the
   population, decreased by 6% on average over the study period
   (β = −0.003, SE = 0.001, p = 0.008, Figure 1), from 1.23 in 1985 to
   1.06 in 2011. Marked variability in environmental conditions between
   successive years often leads to a decrease in the arithmetic mean
   population growth rate [47]. Consequently, we estimated the geometric
   mean of population growth rate for successive periods of 4 y. The
   geometric mean population growth rate also decreased over the study
   period (β = −0.009, SE = 0.002, p = 0.002). Thus, the IPM allowed us to
   demonstrate a clear impact of the mismatch between energy demand and
   peak resource availability on mean fitness, which declined in this
   population of roe deer over the entire study period. In accordance with
   these results, we also observed a decrease in mean annual female
   reproductive success over the study period (β = −0.027, SE = 0.005,
   p<0.001; note that these data are independent of those used to build
   the IPM, see Figure S3).

Discussion

   This study has demonstrated that mean fitness is currently decreasing
   in this roe deer population due to the lack of response in parturition
   date to the increasingly early availability of high-quality resources
   induced by climate change. Warming at Trois Fontaines over the last 27
   y (0.46°C per decade) was more than threefold greater than the average
   global expectation from the 2013 IPCC report on climate change (0.12
   [0.08–0.14] per decade since 1951, [5]). This local warming has led to
   an advance in spring plant phenology [48] demonstrated by the advance
   in flowering date in Champagne's vineyards. In contrast to most other
   studied mammals that have been able to track resource availability by
   advancing their birth timing [3],[4],[13],[49], the median birth date
   of roe deer remained constant over years. This generated an increased
   mismatch between mean birth date and phenology of the vegetation such
   that at the end of the study period fawns were born relatively later
   with respect to the peak in availability of high quality resources.
   Post and Forchhammer [30] were the first to describe a negative impact
   of a mismatch between resource availability and birth timing on calf
   production in Greenland caribou. In our study, climate change over
   recent decades has had a similarly negative impact on early survival
   (i.e., a “climatic debt” [16]), both at the individual and at the
   population levels. Furthermore, we were able to show that this mismatch
   between parturition and the availability of highly digestible forage
   led to a decline in mean fitness of 6% over the study period, and of
   14% between 1985 and those years when the vegetation flush was
   particularly early (2007 and 2011). This link between plant phenology
   and roe deer population dynamics, mostly driven through recruitment, is
   the likely mechanism for the observed decrease in population growth
   rate over time [50].

   Our study provides an illustration of the probable fitness costs for
   species which do not respond to climate change. Indeed, the increasing
   mismatch between the peak of roe deer births and the onset of the
   vegetation flush in recent years had a negative impact on both early
   survival and mean fitness. Previous studies have reported an impact of
   climate change on recruitment [30],[51],[52]. However, the influence of
   mismatch on fitness and population dynamics has received much less
   attention. IPMs allow the phenotypic consequences of climate change to
   be explored (see also [49]), which is not possible using classical
   statistical methods. In contrast to a recent study on birds [53], we
   found that population growth rate of roe deer was not buffered against
   phenological mismatch. Mean fitness was most strongly affected during
   years when plant phenology was particularly early, for example, in 2007
   and 2011 (λ = 1.07 versus λ = 1.23 for the first year of the study). We
   can therefore predict that this increasing mismatch will further
   increase the energetic costs of breeding for females [54] as spring
   phenology continues to advance in the future.

   The lack of response in roe deer birth date to climate change provides
   a stark contrast with the previous findings on most mammalian species
   studied to date, which have shown phenotypic responses to climate
   change [3],[4],[13],[49]. Despite the clear selection pressure that we
   demonstrated, which should favor earlier births over time, we showed
   that a strong evolutionary change is not expected in roe deer. Indeed,
   we found no strong statistical support for heritability of birth date,
   despite the fact that parent–offspring regressions are known to
   overestimate heritabilities [55]. However, as the number of
   mother–daughter pairs (N = 28) available to assess heritability of
   birth date was low, further work on a much larger sample size is
   required to explore this question. Nonetheless, both the classical
   statistical approach and the IPM provided similar results and clearly
   indicated no change in roe deer reproductive timing. Although roe deer
   did not exhibit an evolutionary response to climate change, why have
   they not responded plastically [4],[20]?

   Roe deer females appear unable to track environmental cues such as
   temperature to time their birth event. Birth timing in mammals is
   mainly driven by the date of conception and gestation length. Ovulation
   and, thereby, conception date is mainly under the control of
   photoperiod in roe deer [38]. Gestation begins with a phase of
   embryonic diapause that probably originally evolved to increase
   gestation length [56], but we expected this historical selection
   pressure for delayed birth to be counterbalanced by selection for
   earlier birth date in response to climate change over recent times.
   However, diapause appears to be triggered by an intrinsic mechanism
   involving the mother or even the embryo itself, and the 5-mo duration
   appears not to vary among females [36]. In many species, adaptive
   phenotypic plasticity has generated a response to changes in phenology
   (great tit [57], red squirrel [4]). In red deer, a species related to
   roe deer that is able to track earlier plant phenology [13], gestation
   length decreased with increasing average temperature in March [58]. In
   contrast, in roe deer, we have shown that parturition timing is
   independent of changes in temperature and in the onset of the
   vegetation flush, suggesting this lack of phenotypic plasticity in
   birth timing is associated with an inability to track environmental
   cues of variation in resource availability for the timing of
   parturition.

   Earlier plant phenology is likely the main cause of the observed
   decrease in early survival, and thereby in mean fitness, in this roe
   deer population. Although the roe deer population consistently
   displayed positive growth over the 27-y study period (i.e., λ
   consistently higher than 1), population growth rate (and therefore
   average individual fitness) decreased in a continuous fashion by 6%
   over this period. Moreover, temperatures are expected to increase
   further in the future, causing the phenology of vegetation to advance
   still further. We suggest that these combined effects could impose a
   brake on the demographic and geographical expansion of roe deer, a
   common and previously successful species across all Europe [59].

Materials and Methods

Studied Site and Population

   Trois Fontaines (48°43N, 2°61W) is an enclosed 1,360 ha forest located
   near Saint-Dizier, at the border of Marne and Haute-Marne counties in
   north-eastern France. In spring (from mid-March to mid-June), the
   number of rainy days averaged 31.5 (ranging between 18 and 52 d during
   the study period 1985–2011) and the temperature averaged 10.4°C
   (ranging between −6.06°C and 15.00°C). The forest is dominated by oak
   (Quercus sp.) and beech (Fagus sylvatica). Roe deer feed mainly on
   coppice and the understory is dominated by hornbeam (Carpinus betulus),
   ivy (Hedera helix), and bramble (Rubus sp.).

Data Collection

   The roe deer population at Trois Fontaines has been intensively
   monitored for more than 35 y by the Office National de la Chasse et de
   la Faune Sauvage based on a detailed Capture-Mark-Recapture program.
   Roe deer are individually marked using numbered collars and ear-tags. A
   systematic search for newborn fawns was conducted every year from late
   April to mid-June between 1985 and 2010 [60]. In 2011, searches ended
   earlier and the last fawn was found on May 20th. Fawns were handled by
   experienced people, ear-tagged, and weighed. Their sex was recorded and
   their age estimated to the nearest day using umbilicus characteristics
   and behaviour at marking [61]. Birth dates were back-calculated using
   these estimated ages and the day of capture. The average age at marking
   was about 5 d, and all fawns were marked within 20 d. The identity of
   the mother for a given fawn was established, when possible, through
   direct observations of lactating behavior or by the identification of
   an escaping female in the vicinity of the fawn. From January to March,
   annual capture sessions took place, with capture of more than 50% of
   the roe deer population each year, providing reliable information on
   the fate of animals marked at birth. Individual early survival was
   defined as the probability of survival of a fawn from birth to the next
   winter (see [62] for further details). At Trois Fontaines, fawn
   mortality was most likely associated with shortage of high-quality food
   because this population is not subject to marked predation or hunting
   pressure. At the population level, mean cohort-specific early survival
   was estimated using Capture-Recapture analyses [63] from 1985 to 2011.
   Cohort-specific early survival could not be estimated with accuracy for
   2012 (see [62]), so these data were not included here. Data are
   available from Table S6.

Climate Change and Parturition Date

   The local daily temperature was collected from the Météo-France weather
   station of Saint-Dizier located at less than 5 km from the study site.
   Spring temperature (April to June) was used to assess the magnitude of
   climate warming at the local scale. To measure annual changes in
   vegetation phenology, we used the mean flowering date of vineyards in
   the Champagne region collected by the Comité Interprofessionnel du Vin
   de Champagne and available on the website of the French Observatoire
   National sur les Effets du Réchauffement Climatique
   (http://www.developpement-durable.gouv.fr/-Impacts-et-adaptation-ONERC-
   .html). Flowering date is little influenced by human activity and
   reliably reflects the phenology of the vegetation of that year.
   Moreover, flowering date in Champagne is highly correlated with the
   local sum of degree-days (ρ = −0.61, p<0.001), which is often used to
   index vegetation growth [13],[64], with spring temperature (ρ = −0.83,
   p<0.001) and with annual mean temperature (ρ = −0.57, p<0.001). As a
   consequence, flowering date in Champagne reliably indexes the overall
   changes in plant phenology over years. When flowering date in Champagne
   was early in the year, we assumed that the availability of high-quality
   resources for roe deer provided by spring vegetation was also early.
   Consequently, we used the difference between birth date and flowering
   date in Champagne as a measure of the mismatch between birth date and
   peak resource availability.

   To assess temporal trends in local temperature, vegetation phenology,
   and birth date, we fitted linear regressions with a Gaussian error.
   Subsequently, we examined the relationships of cohort-specific median
   birth date with mean spring temperature and with flowering date in
   Champagne to test whether birth date tracked climate change. To
   quantify the mismatch between median birth date and the vegetation
   flush at the population level, we subtracted the median birth date from
   the annual flowering date.

Birth Date: A Trait Under Selection?

   Available data were not detailed enough to build pedigrees, so we
   measured heritability using the weighted regression of the median
   parturition date of each daughter against the median parturition date
   of her mother [65]. To assess whether roe deer birth date was under
   selection, we analyzed the relationship between birth date and early
   survival at the level of the individual with a generalized linear model
   and a logit link. We included year in the model to control for
   interannual variation in environmental conditions. We tested for
   linear, quadratic, and threshold effects of birth date on individual
   early survival. Finally, we tested for an interaction between birth
   date and year to investigate whether the selection pressure was similar
   over time.

Demographic Consequences of the Mismatch

   To assess whether roe deer exhibited a phenotypic response to climate
   change, both at the population and individual levels, we used mean
   cohort-specific early survival after an arcsine-square root
   transformation; we investigated the relationships between
   cohort-specific early survival and the mismatch, testing for linear,
   quadratic, and threshold effects of the mismatch. Each point of the
   regression was weighted (using the inverse of the variance of
   cohort-specific early survival) to account for uncertainty in the
   estimates of cohort-specific survival. Then, we investigated whether
   the mismatch was a better predictor of early survival than birth date
   at the individual level. We did not include year in this model as
   among-year variations were integrated within the mismatch variable. We
   tested for linear, quadratic, and threshold effects of birth date or
   the birth date–vegetation phenology mismatch on individual early
   survival with a generalized linear model and a logit link. We compared
   the relative fit of the different models using the Akaike Information
   Criterion (AIC).

   To investigate the influence of plant phenology on mean fitness, we
   built an Integral Projection Model (IPM, [43],[44]) describing the
   dynamics of parturition date in the population. Selection and
   estimations for the models describing the four functions defining the
   IPM (survival, recruitment, transition, and inheritance) are detailed
   in the Supporting Information section. This IPM allowed us to
   investigate the influence of the timing of peak resource availability
   on the outputs of the model: the annual asymptotic population growth
   rate, in other words, annual mean fitness over the study period. As
   previous studies in this population have revealed no effect of density
   dependence on any of the demographic parameters, we did not include
   density in our demographic analysis (supplementary material of [50]).

Supporting Information

Figure S1.

   Influence of individual birth date (expressed as the day of year
   between 110 (20th April) and 161 (10th June)) on individual early
   survival in the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France. The
   predicted values are presented after back-transformation from a logit
   scale with 95% confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to fit
   the model are represented by black squares whose size is proportional
   to the number of observed births within periods of 2 d.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s001

   (EPS)

Figure S2.

   Recruitment, survival, transition, and inheritance functions in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France, used to build the IPM.
   Parturition date varies between the days of the year of 110 (20th
   April) and 161 (10th June).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s002

   (EPS)

Figure S3.

   Temporal variation in mean annual reproductive success (measured in
   fall) of roe deer females in the population of Trois Fontaines from
   1985 to 2010. Reproductive success was estimated by direct observations
   of the maternal group (mother and fawns) between September and December
   to determine the number of fawns successfully weaned. Predicted trends
   are presented as black lines with 95% confidence intervals (dashed
   lines). The size of the circle is proportional to the number of females
   for which reproductive success was recorded each year.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s003

   (EPS)

Figure S4.

   Annual median parturition dates in the population of roe deer from
   Trois Fontaines, France, from 1985 to 2011. (A) Observed and (B)
   predicted (from the IPM) parturition dates. Standard errors of median
   observed and mean predicted parturition dates are provided.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s004

   (EPS)

Figure S5.

   Stable distribution of parturition date (A) and mean parturition date
   in relation to age (B) predicted from the IPM in the population of roe
   deer from Trois Fontaines, France. Parturition date varies between the
   days of the year of 91 (1st April) and 181 (30th June).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s005

   (EPS)

Table S1.

   Influence of environmental variables on annual median birth date. We
   investigated the influence of flowering date in the vineyards of the
   Champagne region (Flow. date), annual mean temperature (Annual T), mean
   spring (April, May, and June) temperature (Spring T), sum of spring
   precipitation (Spring Prec), sum of degree-days above 7°C before the
   birth season (SDD), mean winter (January, February, March) temperature
   (Winter T), sum of winter precipitation (Winter Prec), mean fall
   (October, November, December) temperature (Fall T), sum of fall
   precipitation (Fall Prec), mean summer (July and August) temperature
   (Summer T), and sum of summer precipitation (Summer Prec). These
   periods where chosen in relation to the reproductive cycle of roe deer:
   births occur in spring, true gestation occurs during winter, embryonic
   diapause occurs in fall, and the rut takes place in summer. *The
   correlation between median birth date and sum of degree-days was
   performed excluding the outlier year of 1986.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s006

   (PDF)

Table S2.

   Individual early survival (recruitment function) in the roe deer
   population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s007

   (PDF)

Table S3.

   Transition function between two successive parturition dates in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s008

   (PDF)

Table S4.

   Inheritance function of parturition date between mother and daughter in
   the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s009

   (PDF)

Table S5.

   Models of the functions used to build the IPM describing the
   distributions of parturition date (PD). M, Mother; D, Daughter.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s010

   (PDF)

Table S6.

   Datafile. Year of birth, sex (1, male; 2, female), birth date (day of
   the year), family (0, single fawns; >0, identity of the twin pair) and
   early survival (0, died; 1, survived until 8 mo of age).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s011

   (XLSX)

Text S1.

   Integral Projection Model on parturition date.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s012

   (DOC)

Acknowledgments

   We thank the Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune Sauvage and
   the many volunteers and colleagues who participated in catching and
   monitoring fawns on the study site of Trois Fontaines. We are grateful
   to the Comité Interprofessionnel du Vin de Champagne for collecting the
   data on the flowering date of the vineyards in the Champagne region and
   we thank Jean-Luc Dupouey for consultation during the analysis design.

Author Contributions

   The author(s) have made the following declarations about their
   contributions: Conceived and designed the experiments: JMG TC MH CB FP.
   Performed the experiments: DD CW. Analyzed the data: FP. Contributed
   reagents/materials/analysis tools: JMG TC MH CB FP DD CW. Wrote the
   paper: JMG TC MH CB FP DD CW.

References

    1. 1. Root TL, Price JT, Hall KR, Schneider SH, Rosenzweig C, et al.
       (2003) Fingerprints of global warming on wild animals and plants.
       Nature 421: 57–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Post E, Forchhammer MC, Bret-Harte MS, Callaghan TV, Christensen
       TR, et al. (2009) Ecological dynamics across the Arctic associated
       with recent climate change. Science 325: 1355–1358.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Lane JE, Kruuk LEB, Charmantier A, Murie JO, Dobson FS (2012)
       Delayed phenology and reduced fitness associated with climate
       change in a wild hibernator. Nature 489: 554–557.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Réale D, McAdam AG, Boutin S, Berteaux D (2003) Genetic and
       plastic responses of a northern mammal to climate change. Proc R
       Soc B 270: 591–596.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. IPCC (2013) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change: Fifth
       Assessment Report.
    6. 6. Parmesan C (2007) Inuences of species, latitudes and
       methodologies on estimates of phenological response to global
       warming. Glob Chang Biol 13: 1860–1872.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Parmesan C, Yohe G (2003) A globally coherent fingerprint of
       climate change impacts across natural systems. Nature 421: 37–42.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Price T, Kirkpatrick M, Arnold SJ (1988) Directional selection
       and the evolution of breeding date in birds. Science 240: 798–799.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Dunn PO, Winkler DW (1999) Climate change has affected the
       breeding date of tree swallows throughout North America. Proc R Soc
       B 266: 2487–2490.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Crick HQP (2004) The impact of climate change on birds. Ibis
       146: 48–56.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Coulson T, Kruuk LEB, Tavecchia G, Pemberton JM, Clutton-Brock
       TH (2003) Estimating selection on neonatal traits in red deer using
       elasticity path analysis. Evolution 57: 2879–2892.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Reed TE, Warzybok P, Wilson AJ, Bradley RW, Wanless S, et al.
       (2009) Timing is everything: exible phenology and shifting
       selection in a colonial seabird. J Anim Ecol 78: 376–387.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Moyes K, Nussey DH, Clements MN, Guinness FE, Morris A, et al.
       (2011) Advancing breeding phenology in response to environmental
       change in a wild red deer population. Glob Chang Biol 17:
       2455–2469.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Clutton-Brock TH, Albon SD, Guinness FE (1989) Fitness costs of
       gestation and lactation in wild mammals. Nature 337: 260–262.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Van Noordwijk AJ, McCleery RH, Perrins CM (1995) Selection for
       the timing of great tit breeding in relation to caterpillar growth
       and temperature. J Anim Ecol 64: 451–458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Devictor V, van Swaay C, Brereton T, Brotons L, Chamberlain D,
       et al. (2012) Differences in the climatic debts of birds and
       butteries at a continental scale. Nature Clim Change 2: 121–124.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Stenseth NC, Mysterud A (2002) Climate, changing phenology, and
       other life history traits: nonlinearity and matchmismatch to the
       environment. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 99: 13379–13381.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Visser ME, Both C, Lambrechts MM, A Moller WF (2004) Global
       climate change leads to mistimed avian reproduction. Adv Ecol Res
       35: 89–110.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Przybylo R, Sheldon BC, Merilä J (2000) Climatic effects on
       breeding and morphology: evidence for phenotypic plasticity. J Anim
       Ecol 69: 395–403.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Nussey DH, Postma E, Gienapp P, Visser M (2005) Selection on
       heritable phenotypic plasticity in a wild bird population. Science
       310: 304–306.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Visser ME, Both C (2005) Shifts in phenology due to global
       climate change: the need for a yardstick. Proc R Soc B 272:
       2561–2569.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Reed TE, Waples RS, Schindler DE, Hard JJ, Kinnison MT (2010)
       Phenotypic plasticity and population viability: the importance of
       environmental predictability. Proc R Soc B 277: 3391–3400.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Lambrechts MM, Blondel J, Maistre M, Perret P (1997) A single
       response mechanism is responsible for evolutionary adaptive
       variation in a birds laying date. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 94:
       5153–5155.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Goldman BD (2001) Mammalian photoperiodic system: formal
       properties and neuroendocrine mechanisms of photoperiodic time
       measurement. J Biol Rhythm 16: 283–301.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Dawson A, King VM, Bentley GE, Ball GF (2001) Photoperiodic
       control of seasonality in birds. J Biol Rhythm 16: 365–380.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. Visser ME, Schaper SV, Holleman LJM, Dawson A, Sharp P, et al.
       (2011) Genetic variation in cue sensitivity involved in avian
       timing of reproduction. Funct Ecol 25: 868–877.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Caro SP, Schaper SV, Hut RA, Ball GF, Visser ME (2013) The case
       of the missing mechanism: how does temperature influence seasonal
       timing in endotherms? PLoS Biol 11: e1001517.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. Gienapp P, Teplitsky C, Alho JS, Mills JA, Merilä J (2008)
       Climate change and evolution: disentangling environmental and
       genetic responses. Mol Ecol 17: 167–178.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Visser ME, van Noordwijk AJ, Tinbergen JM, Lessells CM (1998)
       Warmer springs lead to mistimed reproduction in great tits (Parus
       major). Proc R Soc B 265: 1867–1870.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Post E, Forchhammer MC (2008) Climate change reduces
       reproductive success of an Arctic herbivore through trophic
       mismatch. Philos Trans R Soc Lond B Biol Sci 363: 2369–2375.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Kerby JT, Post E (2013) Advancing plant phenology and reduced
       herbivore production in a terrestrial system associated with sea
       ice decline. Nat Commun 4: 2514.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Bronson FH (1989) Mammalian reproductive biology. Chicago:
       University of Chicago Press.
   33. 33. Gaillard JM, Delorme D, Jullien JM, Tatin D (1993) Timing and
       synchrony of birth in roe deer. J Mammal 74: 738–744.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Linnell JDC, Andersen R (1998) Timing and synchrony of birth in
       a hider species, the roe deer Capreolus capreolus. J Zool 244:
       497–504.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Plard F, Gaillard JM, Bonenfant C, Hewison AJM, Delorme D, et
       al. (2013) Parturition date for a given female is highly repeatable
       within five roe deer populations. Biol Lett 9: 20120841.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Aitken R (1975) Ultrastructure of blastocyst and endometrium of
       roe deer Capreolus capreolus during delayed implantation. J Anat
       119: 369–384.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Lu W, Meng QJ, Tyler NJC, Stokkan KA, Loudon ASI (2010) A
       circadian clock is not required in an Arctic mammal. Curr Biol 20:
       533–537.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Sempéré AJ, Blanvillain C, Mauget R, Chemineau P (1993) Deer in
       China: biology and management. In N. Ohtaishi and H.I. Sheng eds.
       The role of the photoperiod in the sexual cycle in female roe deer
       (Capreolus capreolus). pp. 364–371.
   39. 39. Réale D, Berteaux D, McAdam AG, Boutin S (2003) Lifetime
       selection on heritable life-history traits in a natural population
       of red squirrels. Evolution 57: 2416–2423.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Feder C, Martin JGA, Festa-Bianchet M, Bérubé C, Jorgenson J
       (2008) Never too late? Consequences of late birthdate for mass and
       survival of bighorn lambs. Oecologia 156: 773–781.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Fisher RA (1930) The genetical theory of natural selection.
       Oxford, UK: The Clarendon Press.
   42. 42. Plard F, Gaillard JM, Coulson T, Hewison AJM, Delorme D, et al.
       (in press) Long-lived and heavier females give birth earlier in roe
       deer. Ecography
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Ellner S, Rees M (2006) Integral projection models for species
       with complex demography. Am Nat 167: 410–428.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Coulson T (2012) Integral projections models, their
       construction and use in posing hypotheses in ecology. Oikos 121:
       1337–1350.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Gaillard JM, Andersen R, Delorme D, Linnell JDC (1998) Family
       effects on growth and survival of juvenile roe deer. Ecology 79:
       2878–2889.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Hewison AJM, Andersen R, Gaillard JM, Linnell JDC, Delorme D
       (1999) Contradictory findings in studies of sex ratio variation in
       roe deer (Capreolus capreolus). Behav Ecol Sociobiol 45: 339–348.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Tuljapurkar S (1989) An uncertain life: demography in random
       environments. Theor Popul Biol 35: 227–294.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Schwartz MD, Ahas R, Aasa A (2006) Onset of spring starting
       earlier across the Northern Hemisphere. Glob Chang Biol 12:
       343–351.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Ozgul A, Childs DZ, Oli MK, Armitage KB, Blumstein DT, et al.
       (2010) Coupled dynamics of body mass and population growth in
       response to environmental change. Nature 466: 482–485.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Gaillard JM, Hewison AJM, Klein F, Plard F, Douhard M, et al.
       (2013) How does climate change influence demographic processes of
       widespread species? Lessons from the comparative analysis of
       contrasted populations of roe deer. Ecol Lett 16: 48–57.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Burthe S, Butler A, Searle KR, Hall SJ, Thackeray SJ, et al.
       (2011) Demographic consequences of increased winter births in a
       large aseasonally breeding mammal (Bos taurus) in response to
       climate change. J Anim Ecol 80: 1134–1144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Reed TE, Jenouvrier S, Visser ME (2012) Phenological mismatch
       strongly affects individual fitness but not population demography
       in a woodland passerine. J Anim Ecol 82: 131–144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Reed TE, Grotan V, Jenouvrier S, Saether BE, Visser ME (2013)
       Population growth in a wild bird is buffered against phenological
       mismatch. Science 340: 488–491.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Thomas DW, Blondel J, Perret P, Lambrechts MM, Speakman JR
       (2001) Energetic and fitness costs of mismatching resource supply
       and demand in seasonally breeding birds. Science 291: 2598–2600.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Merilä J, Sheldon BC, Kruuk LEB (2001) Explaining stasis:
       microevolutionary studies in natural populations. Genetica 112–113:
       199–222.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   56. 56. Sandell M (1990) The evolution of seasonal delayed
       implantation. Q Rev Biol 65: 23–42.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Charmantier A, McCleery RH, Cole LR, Perrins C, Kruuk LEB, et
       al. (2008) Adaptive phenotypic plasticity in response to climate
       change in a wild bird population. Science 320: 800–803.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Clements MN, Clutton-Brock TH, Albon SD, Pemberton JM, Kruuk LE
       (2011) Gestation length variation in a wild ungulate. Funct Ecol
       25: 691–703.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   59. 59. Andersen R, Duncan P, Linnell JDC (1998) The European Roe Deer:
       the biology of Success. Oslo, Norway: Scandinavian University
       Press.
   60. 60. Delorme D, Gaillard JM, Jullien JM (1988) Intérêt de l'étude de
       la période juvénile pour le suivi de l'évolution d'une population
       de chevreuils (Capreolus capreolus). Gibier Faune Sauvage 5: 15–26.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. Jullien JM, Delorme D, Gaillard JM (1992) Détermination de
       l'âge chez le faon de chevreuil (Capreolus capreolus) dans son
       premier mois de vie. Mammalia 56: 307–311.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   62. 62. Pettorelli N, Gaillard JM, Yoccoz NG, Duncan P, Maillard D, et
       al. (2005) The response of fawn survival to changes in habitat
       quality varies according to cohort quality and spatial scale. J
       Anim Ecol 74: 972–981.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Lebreton JD, Burnham KP, Clobert J, Anderson DR (1992) Modeling
       survival and testing biological hypotheses using marked animals: a
       unified approach with case studies. Ecol Monogr 62: 67–118.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Bonhomme R (2000) Bases and limits to using ‘degree.day’ units.
       Eur J Agron 13: 1–10.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Falconer DS, Mackay TFC (1996) Introduction to quantitative
       genetics. Longman.

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]

Related PLOS Articles

     * Will Roe Deer Persist in a Warmer World?

   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Deer
       Is the Subject Area "Deer" applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes
       (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Spring (season)
       Is the Subject Area "Spring (season)" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * France
       Is the Subject Area "France" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Mammals
       Is the Subject Area "Mammals" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Population growth
       Is the Subject Area "Population growth" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Birds
       Is the Subject Area "Birds" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Heredity
       Is the Subject Area "Heredity" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Understanding climate change from a global analysis of city analogues

     * Jean-Francois Bastin ,
       Roles Conceptualization, Formal analysis, Methodology, Supervision,
       Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: bastin.jf@gmail.com
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0003-2602-7247
       ⨯
     * Emily Clark,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Thomas Elliott,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Simon Hart,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Plant Ecology, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Johan van den Hoogen,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6624-8461
       ⨯
     * Iris Hordijk,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-6302-6254
       ⨯
     * Haozhi Ma,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Sabiha Majumder,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Gabriele Manoli,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic
       Engineering, Institute of Environmental Engineering, ETH Zürich,
       Zürich, Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9245-2877
       ⨯
     * Julia Maschler,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Lidong Mo,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Devin Routh,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Kailiang Yu,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Constantin M. Zohner,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Thomas W. Crowther
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯

Understanding climate change from a global analysis of city analogues

     * Jean-Francois Bastin,
     * Emily Clark,
     * Thomas Elliott,
     * Simon Hart,
     * Johan van den Hoogen,
     * Iris Hordijk,
     * Haozhi Ma,
     * Sabiha Majumder,
     * Gabriele Manoli,
     * Julia Maschler

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 10, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (3)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Fig 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4

Abstract

   Combating climate change requires unified action across all sectors of
   society. However, this collective action is precluded by the ‘consensus
   gap’ between scientific knowledge and public opinion. Here, we test the
   extent to which the iconic cities around the world are likely to shift
   in response to climate change. By analyzing city pairs for 520 major
   cities of the world, we test if their climate in 2050 will resemble
   more closely to their own current climate conditions or to the current
   conditions of other cities in different bioclimatic regions. Even under
   an optimistic climate scenario (RCP 4.5), we found that 77% of future
   cities are very likely to experience a climate that is closer to that
   of another existing city than to its own current climate. In addition,
   22% of cities will experience climate conditions that are not currently
   experienced by any existing major cities. As a general trend, we found
   that all the cities tend to shift towards the sub-tropics, with cities
   from the Northern hemisphere shifting to warmer conditions, on average
   ~1000 km south (velocity ~20 km.year^-1), and cities from the tropics
   shifting to drier conditions. We notably predict that Madrid’s climate
   in 2050 will resemble Marrakech’s climate today, Stockholm will
   resemble Budapest, London to Barcelona, Moscow to Sofia, Seattle to San
   Francisco, Tokyo to Changsha. Our approach illustrates how complex
   climate data can be packaged to provide tangible information. The
   global assessment of city analogues can facilitate the understanding of
   climate change at a global level but also help land managers and city
   planners to visualize the climate futures of their respective cities,
   which can facilitate effective decision-making in response to on-going
   climate change.

   Citation: Bastin J-F, Clark E, Elliott T, Hart S, van den Hoogen J,
   Hordijk I, et al. (2019) Understanding climate change from a global
   analysis of city analogues. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0217592.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592

   Editor: Juan A. Añel, Universidade de Vigo, SPAIN

   Received: February 14, 2019; Accepted: May 8, 2019; Published: July 10,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Bastin et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its
   Supporting Information files.

   Funding: Author TWC is supported by grant from DOB Ecology. The funders
   had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to
   publish, or preparation of the manuscript. The authors received no
   specific funding for this work.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   The gap between the scientific and public understanding of climate
   change, referred to as the “Consensus Gap”, is largely attributed to
   failures in climate change communication[1]. Often limited to ad-hoc
   reporting of extreme weather events or intangible, long-term climate
   impacts (e.g. changes in average temperature by 2100). Despite an
   exhaustive list of risks associated to climate change [2] (e.g. heat
   stress, air and water quality, food supply, distribution of vectors of
   diseases, social factors), the intangible nature of reporting on
   climate change fails to adequately convey the urgency of this issue to
   a public audience on a consistent basis[3]. It is hard for most people
   to envision how an additional 2°C of warming might affect daily life.
   This ineffective communication of climate change facts, compounded by
   uncertainty about the extent of expected changes, has left the door
   open for widespread misinterpretation about the existence of this
   global phenomenon.

   History has repeatedly shown us that data and facts alone do not
   inspire humans to change their beliefs or act [3]. Increased scientific
   literacy has no correlation with the acceptance of climate change facts
   [4]. A growing body of research demonstrates that visualization—the
   ability to create a mental image of the problem—is the most effective
   approach for motivating behavior change [5,6]. Several studies have
   analyzed ‘geographic shifts’ to better illustrate climate change. For
   example, Seidel and colleagues (2008) [7,8] showed that climate change
   has driven a widening of the tropical belt, by ~2 to 4.8 latitudinal
   degrees in recent decades. Similarly, the changing conditions of cities
   around the world provides another tangible example of shifting climate
   regimes. Given that over 50% of the global population exists within
   cities [9], these urban environments potentially valuable tool to
   visualize the impact of climate change at a global scale. As iconic
   locations, cities are associated with distinct sets of environmental
   conditions. As such, shifts in the climate conditions of these urban
   areas could provide a unique opportunity for people to visualize the
   impacts of climate change, and to establish effective response
   strategies to address the effects.

   Several studies [10–15] and press reports [16,17] have shown that the
   use of ‘cities geographic shift’ or “city analogues” can help to
   understand and visualize the effects of climate change. In particular,
   cities can serve as useful climate analog, enabling people to visualize
   their own climate future via comparison with other cities that
   currently experience those climate conditions. However, until now,
   existing research have been focused on regional- or continent-scale
   analyses in North America or Europe [10–15], and we lack a unifying
   global perspective. These regional trends suggest that cities are
   likely to resemble those at lower latitudes as the climate continues to
   warm. However, it remains unclear if this trend holds at a global
   scale, as other climate drivers such as changing precipitation regimes
   may obscure these latitudinal trends. As such, Southern Hemisphere or
   tropical cities, which already exist in warm conditions and are likely
   to experience considerable changes in precipitation and extreme climate
   variation, may show independent geographic shifts under changing
   climate conditions. Generating a unified understanding of the shifts in
   the climate conditions of the world’s cities is critical if we are
   going to visualize the impacts of climate change in any biogeographic
   region. Generating this understanding requires a global perspective and
   the use of a full range of climate variables to represent the entire
   climate regime of those regions.

   In this study, we evaluate the global shifts in the climate conditions
   of cities by taking current climate data for the world’s 520 major
   cities (Current Cities), and project what they will most closely
   resemble in 2050 (Future Cities). Rather than describing the
   quantitative changes in climate variables [18], we propose to quantify
   city climate analogs at a global scale [10–12], i.e. assessing which
   Current Cities will most closely resemble the climate conditions of
   Future Cities. To tackle previous limitations, we explore these
   patterns at a global scale using 19 bioclimatic variables, to include
   climate variability and seasonality in addition to climate averages.

   Specifically, we aim to test three questions: (i) What proportion of
   the world’s major cities of the future most closely resemble their own
   current climate conditions vs. the climate conditions of other cities
   in different geographic regions? (ii) What proportion of cities will
   experience novel climate conditions that are outside the range
   experiences by cities today? (iii) If cities do shift their climate
   conditions, is this spatial shift uniform in direction across the
   planet?

Materials and methods

Selection of major cities

   We selected these “major” cities of the world from the “LandScan (2016)
   High Resolution global Population Data Set” created by the Oak Ridge
   National Laboratory [19]. By “major” cities, we considered cities that
   are an administrative capital or that account more than 1,000,000
   inhabitants. In total, 520 cities were selected.

The climate database

   To characterize the current climate conditions among these major cities
   of the world, we extracted 19 bioclimatic variables from the latest
   Worldclim global raster layers (Version 2; period 1970–2000) at 30
   arc-seconds resolution [20]. These variables captured various climatic
   conditions, including yearly averages, seasonality metrics, and monthly
   extremes for both precipitation and temperature at every location.

Future data: GCMs, downscaling and future scenarios

   For the future projections, the same 19 bioclimatic variables were
   averaged from the outputs of three general circulation models (GCM)
   commonly used in ecology [21,22]. Two Community Earth System Models
   (CESMs) were chosen as they investigate a diverse set of earth-system
   interactions: the CESM1 BGC (a coupled carbon–climate model accounting
   for carbon feedback from the land) and the CESM1 CAM5 (a community
   atmosphere model) [21]. Additionally, the Earth System component of the
   Met Office Hadley Centre HadGEM2 model family was used as the third and
   final model [22]. To generate the data, we chose Representative Common
   Pathway 4.5 (RCP 4.5) scenario from the Coupled Model Intercomparison
   Project Phase 5 (CMIP5) as the input. It is a stabilization scenario,
   meaning that it accounts for a stabilization of radiative forcing
   before 2100, anticipating the development of new technologies and
   strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions [23]. By using this
   optimistic climate change scenario, we represent conservative changes
   in climate conditions that are likely to occur even if substantial
   climate change mitigation occurs. For each output, a delta downscaling
   method developed by the CGIAR Research Program on Climate Change,
   Agriculture and Food Security (CCAFS) was applied to reach a resolution
   of 30 arc-seconds [24], using current conditions Worldclim 1.4 as a
   reference. Downscaling approach were necessary to assess climate
   conditions at the cities’ scale even if it induces a risk of pixel
   mismatch and consequently, a lower level of confidence for local scale
   analyses [25,26].

Summarizing the current climate among the major cities through a principal
component analysis

   The 19 current and future bioclimatic variables were extracted from the
   coordinates of the 520 major cities (i.e., the city centroids), meaning
   each city had two sets of bioclimatic metrics: the current climate data
   for the world’s major cities (Current Cities) and the equivalent 2050
   projection (Future Cities) according to the average of the three RCP
   4.5 GCMs.

   A scaled principal components analysis (PCA) was performed on current
   bioclimatic data in order to account for correlation between climate
   variables and to standardize their contributions to the subsequent
   dissimilarity analysis [27]. As the first four principal components
   accounted for more than 85% of the total variation of climate data
   (40.2%, 26.9%, 10.5% and 7.6%, respectively), the remaining principal
   components were dropped from later analyses. The main contributing
   variables to the four components are the temperature seasonality (axis
   1), the minimum temperature of the coldest month (axis 1), the maximum
   temperature of the warmest month (axis 2), the precipitation
   seasonality (axis 2), the precipitation of the driest (axis 4) and of
   the wettest (axis 3) month, and the temperature diurnal range (axis 4,
   Fig 1).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Distribution of current and future cities along the first 4
   principal component axes.

   The seven major climate variables contributing to the Principal
   Component Analysis (PCA) are superposed on each figure. The figure at
   the top (a) shows the distribution of current (blue) and future (red)
   cities on the space defined by the first two principal components. The
   first two axes explain, respectively, 40.2 and 26.9% of climate
   variations. The first axis is mainly driven by differences in
   temperature seasonality and in minimum temperature of the coldest
   month, while the second axis is mainly driven by differences in
   precipitation seasonality. The figure at the bottom (b) shows the same
   current (green) and future (orange) cities on the space defined by the
   third and fourth principal components. They explain respectively 10.5
   and 7.6% of climate variations. The third axis is mainly driven by
   changes in precipitation of the wet season, while the fourth axis is
   mainly driven by changes in the mean diurnal temperature range.
   Boxplots illustrates the distribution of the points along each of the 4
   axes. The continuous line in the boxes represents the median of the
   distribution, the extremities of the boxes the 1^st and the 3^rd
   quartile and the continuous lines go up to 1.5 times the difference
   between the 3^st and the 1^rd quartile.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g001

Calculating the extent of the covered climate domain

   For further interpretation of the results, a convex hull was computed
   from the coordinates of the Current Cities within the multivariate
   space defined by the first four principal components axes [28]. For
   reference, a convex hull of a set of N-dimensional points forms the
   smallest possible hypervolume (in N-dimensions) containing all points
   defined in that set; in this case, it defines the bounds of climatic
   combinations that Earth currently experiences in these 520 cities. All
   Future Cities falling outside the hypervolume of this convex hull
   represent currently non-existent bioclimatic assemblies in these
   cities, i.e. cities with no current climate analog [29].

Pairing cities based on the similarity between current and future climate
conditions

   Euclidean distances (i.e., dissimilarity indices) were calculated for
   every combination of Current and Future City based on their coordinates
   within the multivariate space defined by the first four principal
   components axes, creating a symmetric dissimilarity matrix with
   pairwise comparisons for all cities (S1 Table). The Euclidean distance
   was calculated using the vegan package on R (RCran version 3.3.2) [30].
   Each Future City was then paired with its three closest Current Cities
   based on the dissimilarity values (S1 Table, S2 Table). Three cities
   are kept for each Future city in order to facilitate comparison between
   Current and Future climate, as all cities are not necessarily known by
   the reader. To avoid un-realistic shifts or shifts due to pixel
   mismatch between Current and Future climate conditions, the final
   analysis was performed keeping shift values between the 5^th and the
   95^th percentile, i.e. keeping 477 out of the original 520 cities.

Calculating the absolute latitudinal shift

   To illustrate and summarize the shifts between Current and Future
   Cities, we calculated the importance of absolute latitudinal shift for
   each city. Shifts in latitude were standardized for both hemisphere, so
   that a shift south in the northern hemisphere is equal to a shift north
   in the southern hemisphere, i.e. referred as the absolute latitudinal
   shift. In other words, the absolute latitudinal shift expresses a
   geographic shift in relation to the equatorial line (shifting away from
   or towards the equator).

   Analyses and figures were performed using R, maps were built using
   Q-GIS 3.0.

Results

Analysis of changes between current and future cities from the PCA

   The future climate of each city was projected within the four principal
   components (using the PCA eigenvectors derived from the bioclimatic
   variables of the current climate) to allow for direct comparison
   between Current and Future Cities (Fig 1). On the plane defined by the
   first two components of the PCA (Fig 1A), explaining respectively 40.2
   and 26.9% of climate variations, we observe changes towards less
   temperature seasonality, with higher maximal and minimal temperatures
   during the year, as well as higher precipitation seasonality, with
   higher precipitation in the wettest month but lower precipitation in
   the driest one. While no clear trend can be observed along the third
   axis (10.5% of climate variation), the changes along the fourth axis
   (7.6% of climate variation) show higher temperature diurnal range (Fig
   1B), i.e. the daily difference between cities’ maximum and minimum
   temperatures will increase. In brief, cities of the world become
   hotter, in particular during the winter and the summer. Wet seasons
   become wetter and dry season drier.

What proportion of cities will resemble their own current climate vs. other
cities by 2050?

   We characterized the climate of the world’s 520 major cities using 19
   climatic variables that reflect the variability in temperature and
   precipitation regimes for current and future conditions. Future
   conditions are estimated using an optimistic Representative
   Concentration Pathway (RCP4.5), which considers a stabilization of
   CO[2]emissions by mid-century (see Material and Methods). This model
   was chosen to show the extent of the changes we would be facing even
   considering the implementation of effective mitigation policies. Using
   a multivariate analysis, we analyzed the climate similarity of all
   Current and Future cities to one another (S1 Table). This simple
   analysis enables us to estimate which major cities of the world will
   remain relatively similar, and which will shift to reflect the climate
   of another city by 2050. Overall, our analysis shows that 77% of the
   world’s Current Cities will experience a striking change in climate
   conditions, making them more similar to the conditions of another
   existing city than they are to their own current climate conditions (S1
   Table, S2 Table). The climate conditions of remaining 23% of cities
   remained most closely associated with their current climate conditions.

What proportion of cities will experience novel climate conditions?

   Overall 78% of the 520 Future Cities studied present a climate within
   the hypervolume representing covered combinations of climate
   conditions. Therefore, 22% of the Future Cities’ climate conditions
   would disappear from this current climatic domain (Fig 2A). As such,
   22% of the world’s cities are likely to exist in a climatic regime that
   does current exist on the planet today. The situation is even more
   pronounced in the tropics, with 30% of cities experiencing novel
   climate conditions essentially because the climate will get drier.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Extent of climate changes in major cities of the world by 2050.

   a, b, the extent of change in climate conditions. Cities predicted to
   have climates that no major city has experienced before are colored in
   red (mostly within the tropics). Cities for which future climate
   conditions reflect current conditions in other major cities of the
   world are shown in green. The size of the dots represents the magnitude
   of change between current and future climate conditions. b, The
   proportion of cities shifting away from the covered climate domain
   (concentrated in the tropics). c,d, The extent of latitudinal shifts in
   relation to the equatorial line. Cities shifting towards the equator
   are colored with a blue gradient (mostly outside the tropics), while
   cities shifting away from the equator are colored with a yellow to red
   gradient (mostly within the tropics). d, A summary of the shift by
   latitude is illustrated in a barchart, with shifts averaged by bins of
   5 degrees. The background of the maps are a combination rasters
   available in the public domain, i.e. of USGS shaded relief only and
   hydro cached.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g002

Is this spatial shift uniform in direction across the planet?

   The proportion of shifting cities varied consistently across the world.
   Cities in northern latitudes will experience the most dramatic shifts
   in extreme temperature conditions (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). For example,
   across Europe, both summers and winters will get warmer, with average
   increases of 3.5°C and 4.7°C, respectively. These changes would be
   equivalent to a city shifting ~1,000 km further south towards the
   subtropics, i.e. a velocity ~20 km.year^-1, under current climate
   conditions (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). Consequently, by 2050, striking changes
   will be observed across the northern hemisphere: Madrid’s climate in
   2050 will be more similar to the current climate in Marrakech than to
   Madrid’s climate today; London will be more similar to Barcelona,
   Stockholm to Budapest; Moscow to Sofia; Portland to San Antonio, San
   Francisco to Lisbon, Tokyo to Changsha, etc(Fig 3, S2 Table).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Future cities and similar current climate counterpart.

   Difference between future and current climate for four cities and an
   example of their similar current counterpart. Illustration of the
   results of the analysis for London (a; counterpart: Barcelona), Buenos
   Aires (b; counterpart: Sidney), Nairobi (c; counterpart:Beirut) and
   Portland (d; counterpart:San Antonio). The red bar represents the
   difference between the current climate of the city of interest (e.g.
   London in (a)) and the current climate of the city to which the city of
   interest (e.g. London in (a)) will have the most similar climate by
   2050 (e.g. Barcelona in (a)). The yellow bar the difference between the
   current and future climate of the city of interest (e.g. current London
   and London 2050 in (a)). The green bar represents the difference
   between the future climate of the city of interest (London 2050) and
   the current climate of the most similar counterpart (e.g. Barcelona in
   (a)). Images of Barcelona and London were obtained on Pixabay, shared
   under common creative CC0 license.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g003

   Cities in the tropical regions will experience smaller changes in
   average temperature, relative to the higher latitudes. However, shifts
   in rainfall regimes will dominate the tropical cities. This is
   characterized by both increases in extreme precipitation events (+5%
   rainfall wettest month) and, the severity and intensity of droughts
   (-14% rainfall driest month). With more severe droughts, tropical
   cities will move towards the subtropics, i.e. towards drier climates
   (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). However, the fate of major tropical cities remains
   highly uncertain because many tropical regions will experience
   unprecedented climate conditions. Specifically, of all 22% of cities
   that will experience novel climate conditions, most (64%) are located
   in the tropics. These include Manaus, Libreville, Kuala Lumpur,
   Jakarta, Rangoon, and Singapore (Fig 2A and Fig 2B, S2 Table).

   In summary, at a global level, we observe a global geographic shift
   towards the subtropics, i.e. towards ~20 degrees of latitude (Fig 2B
   and Fig 4).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Latitudinal shift of cities relative to their distance to the
   equator (in degrees).

   Cities below 20 degrees North/South tend to move away from the equator
   (positive latitudinal shift) while cities beyond 20 degrees North/South
   tend to move closer to the equator (negative latitudinal shift). Cities
   are colored according to the aggregated ecoregion of the world [36] to
   which they belong, with the tropical in red, the subtropical in orange,
   the temperate in green and the boreal in blue.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g004

Discussion

   Our analysis reveals consistent global patterns in the climate shifts
   of future major cities around the world over the next 30 years. Despite
   our use of a highly optimistic climate change scenario (i.e. RCP 4.5),
   we show that the climate conditions of over 77% of world’s major cities
   will change to such a great extent that they will resemble more closely
   the conditions of another major city. The projected shifts showed
   consistent biogeographic trends, with all city climates (both southern
   and northern hemisphere) generally shifting towards the conditions in
   warmer, low-latitude regions. The extent and consistency of these
   patterns provides a stark reminder of the global scale of this climate
   change threat and associated risks for human health. In contrast to
   previous analyses, our analysis also reveals that 22% of the world’s
   cities are likely to exist in a climatic regime that does not current
   exist on the planet today. These trends highlight the extreme
   vulnerability of tropical and sub-tropical cities, 30% of which will
   experience shifts into entirely novel climate regimes with no existing
   analogues across the world’s major cities. This lends support to the
   idea of novel climates, which are expected to emerge in many tropical
   and sub-tropical regions [29]. It should be noted that, by defining the
   climate envelope using a convex-hull (i.e. by defining a volume from
   simplices (“triangles”) that form the smallest convex simplicial
   complex of a set of input points in 4-dimensional space), we applied a
   conservative method for evaluating future change. Indeed, because it
   includes the smallest level of extrapolation and generating the
   smallest possible shapes, this approach has a low-risk of incorrectly
   identifying novel climate conditions, relative to a concave-hull
   approach [31]. However, this approach necessarily comes with the high
   likelihood of missing some novel climates. The 22% of cities
   experiencing a novel climate must therefore be seen as a highly
   conservative estimate.

   Our findings also support previous studies conducted in Europe [10,11]
   and north America [13], stressing the current trend of north-to-south
   geographical shift across the northern hemisphere. Yet, using an
   optimistic climate change scenario, we found that the velocity (i.e.
   the speed of geographical shift) risks to be higher in the near future
   than in the second half of the 21th century [10] passing from 15 km
   year^-1 to 20 km year^-1. Our study also allows the extension of such
   observations to the global scale, showing that observations for Europe
   can be generalized for the entire Northern Hemisphere and for a part of
   the southern hemisphere (Fig 2B). At the global scale, our study
   reveals that geographical shift tend to converge towards the subtropics
   (Fig 4), going to warmer climate conditions from boreal and temperate
   regions and to drier conditions from tropical regions. While this lends
   support to previous observations of a “tropical belt widening” due to
   the expected warmer conditions [7,8], it also shows that tropical
   biomes tend to shrink in many areas due to drier conditions. We
   therefore suggest here to refer to a “sub-tropical widening” compared
   to the previous “tropical widening” due to climate change.

   While our findings are necessarily dependent on the methodology used to
   identify the climatic shifts, it is widely recognized that the choice
   of the metric to assess the similarity-dissimilarity of the climate
   conditions between cities has an extremely minor effect, compared to
   the choice of the climate model and scenario[32]. That is, our results
   are unlikely to be affected whatever method we use to calculate
   dissimilarity, as the variation between climate projections is far
   greater. Nonetheless, Mahony and colleagues [31] highlighted the need
   to standardize the contribution of each climate variable to the
   dissimilarity matrix and to account for correlation between them to
   avoid any bias[31]. In the present study, we address this using a
   scaled principal component analysis to summarize the main bioclimatic
   variations among the 520 major cities. This approach simply follows
   classic dissimilarity analysis recommendations for ecological
   studies[27], applying an Euclidean distance matrix on the main
   dimensions of the principal component analysis to assess the similarity
   between cities. This method was preferred to the sigma-dissimilarity
   developed by Mahony and colleagues[31] for its simplicity and it broad
   use in ecological sciences.

   Our analysis allows us to visualize a tangible climate future of the
   world’s major cities. These results enable decision makers from all
   sectors of society, to envision changes that are likely to occur in
   their own city, within their own lifetime. Londoners, for example, can
   start to consider how their 2050 equivalents (e.g. Barcelona today)
   have taken action to combat their own environmental challenges. In
   2008, Barcelona experienced extreme drought conditions, which required
   the importation of €22m of drinking water. Since then, the municipal
   government has implemented a series of ‘smart initiatives‘ to manage
   the city’s water resources (including the control of park irrigation
   and water fountain levels). The Mayor of London has factored drought
   considerations into his Environment Strategy aims for 2050 [33], but
   this study can provide the context to facilitate the development of
   more targeted climate strategies. In addition, this information can
   also empower local citizens to evaluate proposed environmental
   policies. By allowing people to visualize their own climate futures, we
   hope that this information can facilitate efforts to mitigate and adapt
   to climate change.

   Our study is not a novel model revealing updated climate projections or
   expectations by 2050. Instead, our analysis is intended to illustrate
   how complex climate data can be effectively summarized into tangible
   information that can be easily interpreted by anyone. Of course, the
   climate scenarios that we have used are based on predictions from a few
   climate models, run under a single (business as usual) climate
   scenario. We recognize that these models are characterized by huge
   amounts of uncertainty [34], and the predicted Future Cities may change
   as these Earth System Models are refined, in particular in light of
   urban climate specificities [35]. However, our results are likely to
   reflect the qualitative direction of climate changes within cities and
   so meet our primary goal, which is to communicate predicted climate
   changes to a non-specialist audience in order to motivate action. When
   model projections are updated, we would recommend communicating any new
   results with this goal in mind.

Conclusion

   To our knowledge, our study represents the first global analysis of the
   shifts in climate conditions of the world’s major cities under climate
   change. Our analysis revealed that over 77% of the world’s cities are
   likely to experience a shift towards the climate conditions of another
   major city by 2050, while 22% will shift to climate conditions that are
   not currently present for any major cities on the planet. Across the
   globe, the direction of movement is generally trending towards the
   subtropics, providing unifying patterns that support trends observed in
   Europe and North America. In addition, this analysis revealed new
   insights for cities in equatorial regions, many of which are likely to
   move to entirely new climate conditions that are not currently
   experienced by any of the other global cities today. These city
   analogues, and the data we openly share, can help land managers and
   city planners to visualize the climate futures of their respective
   cities, facilitating efforts to establish targeted climate response
   strategies. As well as facilitating our basic understanding of climate
   change effects, our analysis highlights the value of using cities to
   visualize the tangible effects of climate change across the globe.

Supporting information

S1 Table. Dissimilarity between current and future climate of the major
cities of the world.

   The dissimilarity is expressed as the Euclidean distance matrix
   performed on the 4 main axes of the PCA analysis that summarizes the
   climate variation (19 bioclimatic variables) among the major cities of
   the world.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.s001

   (ODS)

S2 Table. Summary statistics of the global analysis of city analogues.

   The table provides the three cities for which current climate is the
   most similar to the future climate of each city. It also provides the
   associated latitudinal shift for the most similar city and the expected
   changes in climate conditions by 2050 for the mean annual temperature,
   the annual precipitations, the temperature of the warmest month, the
   temperature of the coldest month and the precipitation of the wettest
   month.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.s002

   (ODS)

Acknowledgments

   This work was supported by grants to T.W.C. from DOB Ecology,
   Plant-for-the-Planet and the German Federal Ministry for Economic
   Cooperation and Development. Images of cities were obtained on Pixabay,
   and openly shared under CC0 common creative license.

References

    1. 1. Nisbet EC, Cooper KE, Garrett RK. The Partisan Brain. Suhay E,
       Druckman JN, editors. Ann Am Acad Pol Soc Sci. SAGE
       PublicationsSage CA: Los Angeles, CA; 2015;658: 36–66.
       https://doi.org/10.1177/0002716214555474
    2. 2. Haines A, Ebi K. The Imperative for Climate Action to Protect
       Health. Solomon CG, editor. N Engl J Med. 2019;380: 263–273.
       pmid:30650330
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Zaval L, Cornwell JFM. Effective education and communication
       strategies to promote environmental engagement. Eur J Educ.
       2017;52: 477–486.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Kahan DM. Climate-Science Communication and the Measurement
       Problem. Polit Psychol. Wiley/Blackwell (10.1111); 2015;36: 1–43.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Marx SM, Weber EU, Orlove BS, Leiserowitz A, Krantz DH, Roncoli
       C, et al. Communication and mental processes: Experiential and
       analytic processing of uncertain climate information. Glob Environ
       Chang. Pergamon; 2007;17: 47–58.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Sheppard SRJ. Visualizing Climate Change. Routledge; 2012.
       https://doi.org/10.4324/9781849776882
    7. 7. Seidel DJ, Fu Q, Randel WJ, Reichler TJ. Widening of the
       tropical belt in a changing climate. Nat Geosci. Nature Publishing
       Group; 2008;1: 21–24.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Lu J. Tropical expansion by ocean swing. Nat Geosci. Nature
       Publishing Group; 2014;7: 250–251.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. United Nations. World Urbanization Prospects: The 2018 Revision,
       Key Facts. 2018. (ST/ESA/SER.A/366)
   10. 10. Beniston M. European isotherms move northwards by up to 15 km
       year −1: using climate analogues for awareness-raising. Int J
       Climatol. Wiley-Blackwell; 2014;34: 1838–1844.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Rohat G, Goyette S, Flacke J. Twin climate cities—an
       exploratory study of their potential use for awareness-raising and
       urban adaptation. Mitig Adapt Strateg Glob Chang. Springer
       Netherlands; 2017;22: 929–945.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Rohat G, Goyette S, Flacke J. Characterization of European
       cities’ climate shift–an exploratory study based on climate
       analogues. Int J Clim Chang Strateg Manag. 2018;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Fitzpatrick MC, Dunn RR. Contemporary climatic analogs for 540
       North American urban areas in the late 21st century. Nat Commun.
       Nature Publishing Group; 2019;10: 614. pmid:30755612
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Kopf S, Ha-Duong M, Hallegatte S. Using maps of city analogues
       to display and interpret climate change scenarios and their
       uncertainty. Nat Hazards Earth Syst Sci. 2008;8: 905–918.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Hallegatte S, Hourcade J-C, Ambrosi P. Using climate analogues
       for assessing climate change economic impacts in urban areas. Clim
       Change. Kluwer Academic Publishers; 2007;82: 47–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Vox. Climate change report 2018 cities 2050 [Internet]. 2018.
       Available:
       https://www.vox.com/energy-and-environment/2018/11/30/18117953/clim
       ate-change-report-2018-cities-2050
   17. 17. Central C. Summer temperatures co2 emissions 1001 cities. In:
       2018 [Internet]. Available:
       https://www.climatecentral.org/news/summer-temperatures-co2-emissio
       ns-1001-cities-16583
   18. 18. IPCC. an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming
       of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse
       gas emission pathways. 2018.
   19. 19. Bright EA, Rose AN, Urban ML, McKee JJ. LandScan 2016
       High-Resolution Global Population Data Set. 2017.
   20. 20. Fick SE, Hijmans RJ. WorldClim 2: new 1-km spatial resolution
       climate surfaces for global land areas. Int J Climatol. 2017;37:
       4302–4315.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Hurrell JW, Holland MM, Gent PR, Ghan S, Kay JE, Kushner PJ, et
       al. The Community Earth System Model: A Framework for Collaborative
       Research. Bull Am Meteorol Soc. American Meteorological Society;
       2013;94: 1339–1360.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Bellouin N, Collins WJ, Culverwell ID, Halloran PR, Hardiman
       SC, Hinton TJ, et al. The HadGEM2 family of Met Office Unified
       Model climate configurations. Geosci Model Dev. 2011;4: 723–757.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Thomson AM, Calvin K V., Smith SJ, Kyle GP, Volke A, Patel P,
       et al. RCP4.5: A pathway for stabilization of radiative forcing by
       2100. Clim Change. 2011;109: 77–94.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Ramirez Villegas J, Jarvis A. Downscaling Global Circulation
       Model Outputs: The Delta Method Decision and Policy Analysis
       Working Paper No. 1. International Center for Tropical Agriculture
       (CIAT); 2010;
   25. 25. Fowler HJ, Blenkinsop S, Tebaldi C. Linking climate change
       modelling to impacts studies: recent advances in downscaling
       techniques for hydrological modelling. Int J Climatol. John Wiley &
       Sons, Ltd; 2007;27: 1547–1578.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. Smid M, Costa AC. Climate projections and downscaling
       techniques: a discussion for impact studies in urban systems. Int J
       Urban Sci. Routledge; 2018;22: 277–307.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Legendre P, Legendre L, Legendre L, Legendre P. Numerical
       ecology. Elsevier; 2012.
   28. 28. Barber CB, Dobkin DP, Huhdanpaa H, Huhdanpaa H. The quickhull
       algorithm for convex hulls. ACM Trans Math Softw. ACM; 1996;22:
       469–483.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Williams JW, Jackson ST. Novel climates, no-analog communities,
       and ecological surprises. Front Ecol Environ. John Wiley & Sons,
       Ltd; 2007;5: 475–482.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Cormack RM, Legendre L, Legendre P. Numerical Ecology.
       Biometrics. Elsevier; 2006;40: 280. https://doi.org/10.2307/2530779
   31. 31. Mahony CR, Cannon AJ, Wang T, Aitken SN. A closer look at novel
       climates: new methods and insights at continental to landscape
       scales. Glob Chang Biol. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd (10.1111); 2017;23:
       3934–3955. pmid:28145063
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Grenier P, Parent A-C, Huard D, Anctil F, Chaumont D, Grenier
       P, et al. An Assessment of Six Dissimilarity Metrics for Climate
       Analogs. J Appl Meteorol Climatol. 2013;52: 733–752.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. London M of. London Environment Strategy. 2018;
       https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bbabio.2006.11.011
   34. 34. Woldemeskel FM, Sharma A, Sivakumar B, Mehrotra R.
       Quantification of precipitation and temperature uncertainties
       simulated by CMIP3 and CMIP5 models. J Geophys Res Atmos.
       Wiley-Blackwell; 2016;121: 3–17.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Zhao L, Lee X, Smith RB, Oleson K. Strong contributions of
       local background climate to urban heat islands. Nature. Nature
       Publishing Group; 2014;511: 216–219. pmid:25008529
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Olson DM, Dinerstein E, Wikramanayake ED, Burgess ND, Powell
       GVN, Underwood EC, et al. Terrestrial Ecoregions of the World: A
       New Map of Life on EarthA new global map of terrestrial ecoregions
       provides an innovative tool for conserving biodiversity.
       Bioscience. Oxford University Press; 2001;51: 933–938.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Principal component analysis
       Is the Subject Area "Principal component analysis" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Northern Hemisphere
       Is the Subject Area "Northern Hemisphere" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Latitude
       Is the Subject Area "Latitude" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Europe
       Is the Subject Area "Europe" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Southern Hemisphere
       Is the Subject Area "Southern Hemisphere" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * North America
       Is the Subject Area "North America" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Urban areas
       Is the Subject Area "Urban areas" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Marriage, parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental
health in old age

     * Christoph Becker ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Validation, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany
       ⨯
     * Isadora Kirchmaier ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Formal analysis, Methodology, Software, Writing – original
       draft
       Affiliation Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany
       ⨯
     * Stefan T. Trautmann
       Contributed equally to this work with: Christoph Becker, Isadora
       Kirchmaier, Stefan T. Trautmann
       Roles Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft
       * E-mail: trautmann@uni-hd.de
       Affiliations Alfred-Weber-Institute for Economics, University of
       Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany, Department of Economics, Tilburg
       University, Tilburg, The Netherlands
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-0094-8841
       ⨯

Marriage, parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental
health in old age

     * Christoph Becker,
     * Isadora Kirchmaier,
     * Stefan T. Trautmann

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 24, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Table 2
   Fig 2
   Table 3
   Table 4
   Table 5

Abstract

   Parenthood, marital status and social networks have been shown to
   relate to the well-being and mental health of older people. Using a
   large sample of respondents aged 50 and older from 16 European
   countries, we identify the associations of well-being and mental health
   with family status. Making use of detailed social network data of the
   respondents, we also identify how different social support networks
   correlate with the well-being and health indicators. We observe
   positive associations for all network types, over and beyond any direct
   associations of family status with well-being. Results suggest that
   non-residential children are important providers of social support for
   their parents at older age.

   Citation: Becker C, Kirchmaier I, Trautmann ST (2019) Marriage,
   parenthood and social network: Subjective well-being and mental health
   in old age. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0218704.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704

   Editor: Oliver Gruebner, University of Zurich, SWITZERLAND

   Received: July 9, 2018; Accepted: June 8, 2019; Published: July 24,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Becker et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: The data underlying the results of this study are
   available at: https://doi.org/10.11588/data/RNHJTE.

   Funding: The SHARE data collection has been primarily funded by the
   European Commission through FP5 (QLK6-CT-2001-00360), FP6 (SHARE-I3:
   RII-CT-2006-062193, COMPARE: CIT5-CT-2005-028857, SHARELIFE:
   CIT4-CT-2006-028812) and FP7 (SHARE-PREP: N°211909, SHARE-LEAP:
   N°227822, SHARE M4: N°261982), with additional funding from the German
   Ministry of Education and Research, the Max Planck Society for the
   Advancement of Science, the U.S. National Institute on Aging
   (U01_AG09740-13S2, P01_AG005842, P01_AG08291, P30_AG12815,
   R21_AG025169, Y1-AG-4553-01, IAG_BSR06-11, OGHA_04-064,
   HHSN271201300071C) and from various national funding sources (see
   www.share-project.org). We also acknowledge financial support by
   Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft within the funding programme Open
   Access Publishing, by the Baden-Württemberg Ministry of Science,
   Research and the Arts and by Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg. The
   Friedrich-Ebert-Foundation provided support for CB in the form of a
   grant.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   The link between family status (marital status and parenthood),
   well-being, and mental health is widely discussed in academic and
   popular discourses. Evidence suggests that being married or living with
   a partner can have a positive effect on life satisfaction [1] and is
   associated with higher well-being, better mental health and fewer
   depressive symptoms in old age [2–4].

   Parenthood, on the other hand, does not appear to be associated with
   enhanced mental health [5–7]. The risk of depression is especially
   pronounced for women with parenting stress and poor physical health,
   but less pronounced for those being supported by the partner [8].
   Repeated cross-sectional data on US parents and non-parents shows a gap
   in subjective well-being between these two groups, which, however,
   becomes smaller over the period 1973 through 2008 due to decreased
   happiness of non-parents [9]. A cross-country comparison finds only
   weak associations between life satisfaction and having children, with
   unclear direction [1]. However, there is also evidence that the
   relationship between children and well-being becomes more positive for
   older respondents [1,10]. Depending on the life-cycle stage, the
   aspects of parenthood may thus differ, suggesting that the positive
   aspects of parenthood dominate when getting older. Amongst others, the
   role of children as a form of social support may become important in
   the later stages of a person’s life [10].

   But what constitutes social support? One of the most cited definitions
   stems from Cobb [11], describing social support as “information leading
   the subject to believe that he is cared for and loved, esteemed and a
   member of mutual obligations”. The U.S. National Cancer Institute [12],
   defines social support as “a network of family, friends, neighbors, and
   community members that is available in times of need to give
   psychological, physical, and financial help”. In general, a social
   network consists of a “set of actors and the ties amongst them” [13],
   while the term social support further describes the quantity and
   quality of these ties from an individual perspective. While there exist
   multiple definitions of social support, most of them encompass factors
   for the size and structure of the network, as well as including
   measures for physical distance to other network members, length of the
   relationships, frequency of contact or function of each relationship
   [14]. Evidence suggests that such social support networks are related
   to less loneliness and more happiness [15,16] and act as important
   buffer against stressful events [11,14].

   While results on parenthood might be controversial and depend on the
   age of the studied population, there is widespread agreement that
   social support is associated with higher life satisfaction, and that
   social networks are an important factor for well-being [17]. Bringing
   these two branches of the literature together, we aim to shed light on
   the link between a person’s family status, the resulting
   characteristics of their social networks, and their well-being and
   mental health, using a large sample of 55.000 middle-aged and older
   adults from 16 European countries. This sample was taken from the
   Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE). For people
   aged 60 and older in Mediterranean and non-Mediterranean countries in
   the first wave of the data set, there is some evidence that the number
   of residential children is associated with more depressive symptoms
   [18]. We aim to expand and generalize these findings using recently
   collected, detailed network data, across European countries.
   Parenthood, marital status and different types of social networks might
   help to sustain well-being and mental health in old age. Our objective
   in the current study is to analyze the role of marital status,
   parenthood and social networks deriving from these family backgrounds
   as potential sources of social support, for well-being and mental
   health in old age. We consider four distinct measures, used in
   different fields such as economics or psychology, to obtain a
   comprehensive picture of well-being and mental health. These are the
   CASP-12 scale for quality of life, the EURO-D scale for depressive
   symptoms, and one question each for life and social support network
   satisfaction.

   We use the full range of the SHARE data set, which includes people aged
   50 and older. At this point in the life cycle, parents may have
   resident children, children living away from home, and grandchildren,
   allowing us to separate their associations with well-being. We use
   network composition measures in order to determine network types, and
   control for network size and relational dynamics separately.
   Additionally, we calculate the network types for each country
   separately, taking cultural differences in network compositions into
   account.

   Based on the current literature we test the following three hypotheses
   for the well-being and mental health of people aged 50 and older: i) A
   positive association with being married, ii) a positive association
   with the number of children and grandchildren not living at home, and
   iii) a positive association with having a strong social network implied
   by family background. We proceed as follows: Section 2 describes the
   data used and our methods to measure well-being, mental health and the
   characteristics of social support networks in detail. In Section 3 we
   present the results of our analysis. We first analyze the association
   of family status with well-being and mental health measures without
   taking the social network into account. We then take the network
   composition as criterion variables and use hierarchical clustering to
   determine social network types which differ mainly in their main source
   of social support. We then assess the relationship between the
   resulting social support network types and outcome measures,
   controlling for family status, network size, and relational dynamics.
   Section 4 discusses our findings, and Section 5 provides concluding
   remarks.

Data and methods

Respondents

   We use data from the cross-national panel database Survey of Health,
   Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE), release 6.0.0., managed by the
   Munich Center for the Economics of Aging, Max Planck Institute for
   Social Law and Social Policy [19–21]. The cross-national panel database
   provides extensive data on health and socio-economic status. The target
   population is people of age 50 or older having their regular domicile
   in the respective country. Current partners are interviewed regardless
   of their age. We make use of SHARE wave 4 [22] that was administered
   between 2010 and 2012 in 16 European countries, and includes a module
   on social network. We update missing constants with data from waves 1
   and 2 [23,24]. We include respondents age 50 and older not living in a
   nursing home. The number of respondents differs by country. Over all
   countries, there are about 55.000 observations available. For an
   overview of the total number of observations of each country, see the
   supporting S1 Table.

Demographic factors

   The SHARE data set contains detailed data on demographics. Summary
   statistics of all demographic variables used in the analyses can be
   found in S2 Table. The demographic factor of interest is the family
   status, which we measure by the marital status, total number of
   children, children living at home, and grandchildren. Over all
   countries 70% of the respondents are married and 91% have children.

   The marital status of each respondent is classified into the categories
   (1) married and living together with spouse, (2) registered
   partnership, (3) married and living separated from spouse, (4) never
   married, (5) divorced, (6) widowed. For the regression analysis we
   construct the dummy variables married which takes the value of one if
   the respondent is married or in a registered partnership, the dummy
   variable divorced, which takes the value of one if the respondent is
   divorced or living separated from spouse, and a dummy variable widowed.
   We include respondents living separately from their spouse in the dummy
   divorced, as living separately is often a preceding step to a divorce.

   Parenthood is measured by the number of children alive and the number
   of resident children, including fostered, adopted and stepchildren. We
   define the four-category measure children with categories no children,
   one child, two children, and three or more children, and create the
   respective dummy variables for each category. We further construct the
   variables resident children and grandchildren which report for each
   respondent the number of children living with the family and the number
   of grandchildren.

   Further demographics are used as controls. The set Controls A consist
   of gender, age (of the respondent at the time of the interview), age
   squared, and a dummy variable indicating the country of residence of
   the respondent to control for cultural differences. The set Controls B
   additionally includes dummies for urban character of residence, being
   employed, self-employment, level of education according to the
   international classification of education ISCED-97 [25],an indicator
   for the average monthly household income, and the aforementioned
   dummies for divorced and widowed. In SHARE wave 4, each household
   respondent is asked to state the overall after-tax income of the entire
   household in an average month of last year. If a respondent refuses to
   answer, the interviewer asks whether the respondent earns more, less or
   approximately the amount in certain bracketed values, which represent
   country-specific 25^th, 50^th, and 75^th percentiles of the reported
   household incomes from SHARE wave 2. We use the information from the
   stated household income and the unfolding brackets and define four
   categories for the average monthly household income: (1) Low income [0
   to 25^th percentile], (2) Middle income [25^th to 50^th percentile],
   (3) Upper middle income [50^th percentile to 75^th percentile], and (4)
   High income [75^th percentile and higher]. The boundaries of the
   intervals are the country-specific bracket values of SHARE wave 4
   (details and summary statistics in S2 Table).

   In order to control for health, we include a measure of self-assessed
   physical health (Would you say your health is: (1) poor, (2) fair, (3)
   good, (4) very good, and (5) excellent), and whether drugs for sleeping
   problems, anxiety or depression are taken.

Well-being and mental health indicators

   Well-being can be defined as the psychological balance point between
   individually available resources and challenges [26] and may be linked
   to many different aspects of life. In order to develop national
   well-being measures, the Office for National Statistics in the UK ran a
   public debate on the question through various platforms [27]. The three
   most frequent answers to the question “What things matter most in your
   life? What is Well-being?” were “Health”, “Having good connections with
   friends and relatives”, and “Job satisfaction (and economic security)”
   [28]. Many empirical studies report a link between socioeconomic
   status, quality and quantity of social contacts, and well-being [17].
   In our study, we use a broad set of measures to map respondents’
   well-being: a simple single-item question regarding life satisfaction;
   the CASP-12 multi-item quality of life scale; a single-item question on
   social support network satisfaction; and the EURO-D depressive symptoms
   scale. In the following, we will discuss the three measures in more
   detail. We also use measures of health, education, and financial status
   as controls in our analyses [29,30].

   The first measure concerns a general feeling about the quality of life,
   the stated Life satisfaction. It is extracted by a single-item question
   in which respondents indicate on a scale from 0 (low satisfaction) to
   10 (high satisfaction) how satisfied they are with their life. This
   scale has acceptable reliability and validity [31,32].

   The second measure is the CASP-12, quality of life scale, which is
   designed to capture quality of life in old age [33]. Participants
   indicate for twelve statements whether they apply on a scale from 1
   (often) to 4 (never). The twelve questions concern four dimensions of
   quality of life, control, autonomy, pleasure and self-realization,
   resulting in an aggregate index ranging from 12 (low quality of life)
   to 48 (high quality of life). We normalize it such that it ranges from
   0 (low quality of life) to 10 (high quality of life).

   The third measure concerns the stated Network satisfaction. Respondents
   indicate on a scale from 0 (low satisfaction) to 10 (high satisfaction)
   how satisfied they are with their social network. If respondents
   indicated that there is no person with whom they discuss matters or
   there is no one who is important to them, they were asked how satisfied
   they were with this fact.

   The fourth measure is the EURO-D depression score [34]. It is an
   indicator for depressive symptoms and captures aspects of mental health
   in late life. It has been demonstrated to provide a valid comparison of
   depressive symptoms across European countries [35,36]. The EURO-D
   depression score is generated from questions on 12 dimensions:
   Depression, pessimism, suicidality, guilt, sleep, interest,
   irritability, appetite, fatigue, concentration, enjoyment, and
   tearfulness. Respondents are asked whether there is an indication for
   each of these dimensions. It results in an aggregate index ranging from
   0 (not depressed) to 12 (very depressed). We normalize it such that it
   ranges from 0 (very depressed) to 10 (not depressed) and call it Lack
   of depressive symptoms.

   Fig 1 presents the average of the well-being measures at each age until
   91 (see S1 Fig for the age distribution). While network satisfaction
   and life satisfaction remain relatively stable, the quality of life
   index and lack of depressive symptoms index decline beyond age 65. The
   graphs for male and female respondents are rather similar, except for
   the lack of depressive symptoms index; male respondents have on average
   a 0.73 points higher index (p<0.01, Mann-Whitney-U test; S2 Fig).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Average well-being and mental health measure.

   Average well-being and mental health measure for all ages from 50 to 90
   years. After age 91 the number of available observations drops to less
   than 50.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.g001

Social support networks

   A social support network can be characterized by its size and
   composition (percentage of partner, children, other relatives, and
   friends in the network) and relational dynamics. In Wave 4, the SHARE
   respondents are asked to answer questions about their social support
   network along the dimensions (1) size, (2) relationship, (3) contact
   frequency, (4) proximity, and (5) closeness.

   In order to identify the members of their social support network, the
   respondents were asked to mention the name of persons with whom they
   discuss important matters. The total number of persons in the social
   support network is its size. It is possible to mention up to seven
   persons, however this boundary is only mentioned if it is reached. Only
   3% of the respondents reach this boundary. Most respondents state one,
   two or three persons as members of their social support network (28%,
   25%, and 20% of the respondents, respectively). Evidence suggests that
   the number of network members is positively linked with life
   satisfaction [37], but that in old age the network is reduced to
   members with close contact [38]

   The composition of a network refers to the relationship type between
   each member. A person who has daily contact with two children and a
   person who has daily contact with two friends have a social support
   network of equal size and contact frequency, however, they have a
   different main source of social support. In a meta-analysis, Pinquart
   and Sörensen [17] provide evidence that the quantity of social contacts
   with friends is more strongly related with subjective well-being than
   the quantity of social contacts with family. They argue that friends
   are voluntary relationships, and they are typically members of the same
   age group or share similar preferences. Still, especially in older age,
   spouses and children are a crucial part of networks. Later in life,
   parents desire open communication, but low interference in each other’s
   lives thereby maintaining independence in old age and minimizing
   intergenerational conflicts [39]. Brandt et al. [40] analyzed the type
   of support between older parents, their children and professional
   providers. They found that children play a central role in providing
   help for their parents in the household and with paperwork. In Southern
   Europe, they are more likely to also take over regular medical care.
   There can also be differences within family structures. Shanas [41]
   provides evidence that the immediate family (partner and children) is
   the major social support during illness, and the extended family
   (children, siblings, and other relatives) is the tie to the community.

   There are different ways to determine these different types of
   networks. One way is to construct network types, in which people are
   similar along family status (e.g. marital status, number of children
   and close relatives) and network measures (e.g. number of close
   friends, frequency of contact with family and friends, and frequency of
   attending social events). Commonly, there are four to five network
   types identified which differ in their relationship with well-being and
   mental health [15,42–44]. Another way to determine network types is to
   use only characteristics of the social network as criterion variables
   and control for family status separately. Litwin and Stoeckel [16] use
   size, composition and relational dynamic measures of the network and
   identify six networks (Spouse, Children, Spouse and Children, Other
   Family, Friend, and Other). They show that the network types are
   related differently to quality of life and that the frequency of the
   network types differs across European countries. We will follow a
   different approach, using only network composition to determine network
   types (i.e., the relative relevance of spouses, children, friends and
   others). We calculate network types for each country separately, taking
   cultural differences in network compositions into account. We chose
   this approach, because we want our network types to be directly linked
   to the family background variables whose associations with well-being
   we are interested in, and we control separately for contact frequency,
   emotional closeness and geographical proximity. In this way, we aim to
   identify how, for example, a Children network relates to well-being
   compared to a Friends network, conditional on controlling for frequency
   and closeness etc.

   We classify the possible relationships into five categories: (1)
   Partner, (2) Children, (3) Other Relatives, (4) Friends, and (5)
   Others. Each of these categories comprises all types of relationships
   related to the category itself, i.e. the category Partner also includes
   the relationship “mother/father in law”. The relationship share of each
   category in the network of a respondent is measured by the sum of the
   occurrence of the category divided by the network size. For each
   respondent, the relationship shares of all relationship categories sum
   to one. We use the relationship share to determine country-specific
   support network types according to the main source of social support.
   The respondents who indicate that there is no person with whom they
   discuss important matters are excluded. For the remaining respondents,
   we use hierarchical clustering with the Ward [45] method to determine
   clusters which are similar with respect to the relationship shares. We
   choose to cut at six clusters and label them Partner, Children, Other
   Relatives, Family, Friends, and Diverse network. Using five clusters
   would not allow us to distinguish between the Friends and the Diverse
   network. Using more than six clusters does not provide an additional
   distinct network type for all countries for the five relationship
   categories used.

   For each country, a cluster is labelled as Partner, Children, Other
   Relatives, Friends or Diverse network if the mean of the relationship
   share (averaged over all people in the cluster) of the category
   Partner, Children, Other Relatives, Friends and Other is higher in that
   cluster than in all other clusters, respectively. The labeling of the
   clusters would mostly be unaffected if it were instead determined by
   the highest mean relationship share (averaged over all people in the
   cluster) within a cluster, i.e., comparing across relationship type.
   Additionally, we include a cluster for Family networks. The Family
   network is the cluster with the highest sum of Partner share plus
   Children share plus Other Relatives share, excluding the clusters which
   are defined as Partner, Children, or Other Relatives network.

   Apart from size and composition, a network is also characterized by
   relational dynamics such as geographical proximity, contact frequency
   and interpersonal closeness. Frequent contact with one’s children
   appears to be associated with less depressive symptoms, albeit
   irrelevant of geographical proximity [4]. Closeness with the support
   network member affects the quality of the relationship. The number of
   close network members with frequent contact is positively related to
   less depressive symptoms [46]. Especially elderly people rely on
   members of their immediate family (partner and children) during illness
   [41]. SHARE provides different questions for these relational dynamics,
   which we use as controls in our analysis.

   For contact frequency, the respondent is asked about the amount of
   contact with each person in his social support network over the last 12
   months. The possible answers are (1) daily, (2) several times a week,
   (3) about once a week, (4) about every two weeks, (5) about once a
   month, (6) less than once a month, and (7) never. We recode such that
   the measure ranges from 0 (never) to 6 (daily). As an overall measure
   of the amount of network contact of a respondent, we take the average
   over the answers for each person in his network and call it contact
   index. E.g., if the result is 6 it means that the respondent has daily
   contact with all persons in his network. If it is less than 6, he must
   have less than daily contact with at least some member of the network.

   Similar measures are constructed for proximity and closeness. The
   respondent is asked how far the person lives and how close he feels to
   the person. The categories for closeness are (0) not very close (1)
   somewhat close (2) very close (3) extremely close; and for proximity
   (0) more than 500km, (1) 100km to 500km, (2) 25km to 100km, (3) 5km to
   25km, (4) 1km to 5km, and (5) less than 1km. The averages over the
   respective answers for each person in the respondent’s network are the
   closeness index and proximity index. Information on the correlation of
   marriage, the number of children, social network dimensions and
   well-being measures is given in S3 Table. We observe that the
   correlations between features of the family status (e.g., married) and
   the respective network is positive but far from perfect. That is, both
   people with and without children may indicate that their social support
   network may predominantly consist of their partner (and similarly for
   the other network types).

Results

Association of marital status and parenthood with well-being and mental
health

   We present results in an aggregated way to illustrate the relevant
   patterns, and the robustness of the results with regards to confounding
   factors. Table 1 shows the associations of the three dimensions of
   well-being and mental health with family status (number of children,
   number of resident children, number of grandchildren and marital
   status) for all respondents (Panel I), male respondents (Panel II), and
   female respondents (Panel III), over all countries including country
   fixed effects (further country specific analyses are reported below).
   The table shows the raw means for each well-being measure conditional
   on each explanatory variable. Comparing the raw mean values for the
   well-being measures gives an impression of the effects sizes of each
   explanatory variable. However, we indicate the significance of each
   comparison based on regression analyses of the dependent measure on the
   explanatory variables; the excluded category in the regression analyses
   is indicated in italics in the table. We show the significance level of
   the variable and the direction of the association, for the regressions
   including controls A and B, respectively. For each set of analyses, we
   also indicate the sample size of the raw means, which varies across
   analyses because of the variation in the number of respondents in the
   different modules of the SHARE surveys. We use ordinary least squares
   for all four measures for its ease of interpretation. Detailed results
   for each regression are in S4–S6 Tables.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for
   all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t001

   Overall we observe that marriage is consistently positively correlated
   with well-being and lack of depressive symptoms, which already provides
   evidence in favor of hypothesis i) from the introduction. We find that
   children are positively correlated with well-being and lack of
   depressive symptoms. However, our analyses show that this overall
   positive association is due to children after they left home: we find
   negative effects for the number of resident children. This pattern is
   consistent with the prediction of hypothesis ii) concerning the effect
   of non-resident children. Grandchildren correlate positively with life
   satisfaction and network satisfaction, but negatively with quality of
   life and lack of depressive symptoms, which gives us a mixed picture on
   the overall role of grandchildren compared to the prediction in
   hypothesis ii). While there are some differences in specific
   correlations, the overall picture is very similar for male and female
   respondents. Controlling for differences between the countries by
   conducting separate regressions for each country individually also does
   not qualitatively change the results (see S7 Table). However, there is
   clearly heterogeneity in the sense that we observe many null effects
   next to those effects replicating the overall effects shown in Table 1.

   Taken together, the results of Table 1 confirm findings of previous
   studies [1–4,10,47] for the current large multi country SHARA data set.
   Focus on the age cohort of people 50 years old and older allows us to
   identify different associations for children at home, children who left
   home already, and grandchildren. Given the consistency with previously
   observed patterns for the direct family status measures, we have a
   solid foundation for studying the broader role of family in through
   social networks corresponding to the different family background
   measures.

Distribution of social network types

   Table 2 presents the means of the network size, the composition
   measures, and relational dynamic measure of each category. For the
   distribution of the network size for each network type see S3 Fig. The
   Partner network is a rather distinct type. It consists only of the
   partner, i.e. has a size of one, and on average has a contact index
   close to the maximum. Respondents which are associated with a partner
   network typically feel extremely or very close with their partner,
   resulting in the highest closeness index of all network types.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Network characteristics by social network types.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t002

   The share of children in the network is highest for the Children
   network and the Family network. In both networks the second main source
   of support is the partner, emphasizing the importance of marital
   status. The Children and Family network differ in terms of the means of
   the relationship indices and network size, while the average contact
   and closeness shares are quite similar. The Other Relatives, Friends,
   and Diverse network types appear to be similar in terms of average
   contact, closeness and proximity.

   We have shown that network size, as well as contact, proximity, and
   closeness indices differ across network types on average (see Table 2).
   Fig 2 presents the full distribution of the contact index for each
   network type (for the corresponding graphical representations of the
   proximity and closeness indices, see S4 and S5 Figs). Even network
   types which are rather similar with respect to the average contact
   index such as the children and family networks, are rather different
   with respect to the individual distribution of the network contact
   index. This means that the actual composition of the different contact
   categories in the individual social network is different for each
   network type. Furthermore, the impact of contact, closeness, and
   proximity could differ, depending on the composition of a given network
   type: Higher self-reported closeness might, for example, denote a
   different depth of emotional connection in a Partner, compared to a
   Friends network. We therefore include the contact, closeness, and
   proximity indices as individual controls.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Distribution of the contact index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.g002

   Table 3 presents the means of gender, age and family status and the
   number of observations for the different network types. There are 3% of
   the respondents who report to have no network. The No network type and
   Children network type are associated with the lowest share of
   respondents who are married. Most respondents who have no children are
   associated with the Other Relatives, the Friends, or the No network
   type. For the means of further demographic variables see S12 Table.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Family status by social network types.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t003

Association of social networks with well-being and mental health

   We can now turn to the relationship between network characteristics and
   well-being and mental health measures. Table 4 compares well-being and
   mental health for respondents who have a social support network, and
   those who have no network at all. We use the different network types as
   explanatory variable, and include network size, family status variables
   (as in Table 1), and socioeconomic variables as controls. We do not
   control for relational dynamics, because these measures are not defined
   for those who have no social support network. For the detailed
   regression results see S8–S10 Tables and for the raw means conditional
   on network size see S11 Table.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 4. Regressing well-being and mental health on social support
   network types; controlling for network size and family status for all
   countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t004

   In accordance with hypothesis iii), all network types relate positively
   to measures of well-being, for both males and females, even after
   controlling for family structure. The effect is consistently observed
   for Life satisfaction and Network satisfaction. For CASP-12 the effect
   is observed for Partner and Friends network types for male respondents
   and for Partner, Family and Friends network types for female
   respondents. Interestingly, the positive relationship with Children
   network and Lack of depressive symptoms mostly emerges only after
   inclusion of the full set of controls. Network size is positively
   related to all measures of well-being [37]. The results obtained in
   this network analysis support the broader relevance of family through
   the resulting networks for well-being and mental health as postulated
   in hypotheses i) and ii).

   We next compare the different network types with each other, accounting
   for variation of the relational indices across the different network
   types. Table 5 shows the results confined to respondents who indicated
   the presence of some social support network. For the detailed
   regression results see S12–S14 Tables. The excluded category of the
   network type is the Partner network, which had consistently strong and
   significant associations in Table 4, and is taken as a benchmark here.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 5. Regressing well-being and mental health on social support
   network types (only for respondents with a social network); controlling
   for network size, relational dynamic measures, and family status for
   all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.t005

   We find that for Life satisfaction, CASP-12, and Lack of depressive
   symptoms, the more diverse networks have typically weaker associations
   than the Partner network, with the exception of the Friends network for
   CASP-12. In contrast, Network satisfaction is consistently higher for
   all other networks, except for the Diverse network. Note, that this
   emerges despite controlling for network size, contact, closeness and
   proximity index. Fiori et al. [42] pointed out that support quality is
   an important factor for depressive symptoms. We find consistently that
   the closeness and contact measure is positively correlated with mental
   health and well-being. However, we observe a negative relationship of
   mere proximity with well-being and mental health. While for the
   associations with family status no relevant gender differences were
   observed, we observe that associations with network types differ for
   male and female respondents. For male respondents in most cases the
   effects of the network types are not significantly different from the
   Partner network. For the females, the above discussed associations show
   up significantly.

Discussion

   Reflecting the results presented in the previous section in terms of
   our three research hypotheses, the following implications for the
   well-being and mental health of people aged 50 and above emerge: i)
   There appears to be a strong positive association of being
   married/having a partner as part of a social network. ii)
   Non-residential children also relate positively to well-being and
   mental health. On the other hand, the effect of grandchildren in
   general appears to be mixed. While they may be associated with higher
   life and network satisfaction, the same does not appear to hold for
   depressive symptoms and perceived quality of life. iii) We find clear
   evidence of positive relationhips of all types of social networks with
   our measures of well-being, over and beyond the respective underlying
   family status indicators. Hence, a simple focus on family status
   measures, not accounting for the resulting network structures, misses
   important aspects of the relationship of family and well-being and
   mental health.

   In contrast to negative associations reported in many studies (for an
   overview see Hansen [7], or the discussion in Nelson et al. [48] and
   Herbst and Ifcher [9]), we find that children are indeed positively
   correlated with well-being and lack of depressive symptoms, when
   controlling for residential status (resident children are negatively
   associated with well-being). This result is consistent with
   age-dependence in the correlation of children with well-being [1,10]
   and mental health [4,47]. The results suggest that the finding of a
   negative link between children and well-being and mental health may not
   generalize to older people whose children have often left home already.
   As stress associated with balancing the competing demands of childcare,
   work and personal life decreases, once people get older and their
   children leave house, the importance of children as caregivers and
   social contacts might prevail. The mixed effect of grandchildren is
   more difficult to explain. Potentially, there are positive effects of
   having grandchildren in terms of social support that might coincide
   with negative aspects, such as having to care for these grandchildren
   [49,50]. As the SHARE data set only provides us with rudimentary
   information about grandchildren (there is for example no information
   about the residency of them), we cannot shed more light on the relation
   between grandchildren and well-being, as well as mental health.

   We observe that all types of networks have positive associations with
   our dependent measures. Network characteristics such as size,
   closeness, contact frequency and proximity are also relevant indicators
   of well-being and mental health. For male respondents in most cases the
   effects of the network types are not significantly different from the
   Partner network. For female respondents, on the other hand, we observe
   more cases where associations of well-being and mental health with the
   Partner network type are significantly different from those for the
   other network types. Overall we find that especially the Partner
   network is consistently positively correlated with well-being and
   mental health, despite the small network size of 1. This is in contrast
   to Litwin and Stoeckel [16,51], who found that the Spouse network is
   not significantly related to well-being. However, importantly, because
   we control for network size separately, positive associations with size
   are captured by this variable. A remarkable feature of the findings in
   Table 4 is that network characteristics are positively associated with
   well-being and mental health even after controlling for the above-shown
   associations with family status indicators. That is, a healthy partner
   network captures more than just being married, as do other types of
   networks. This fits previous results, suggesting that it is not being
   married per se, but being satisfied with the relationship that is
   associated with less depressive symptoms [47,52]. Kim and McKenry also
   report both, a positive relationship of well-being with being married,
   and an additional role for the perceived quality of the marriage on top
   of that [53]. Our research extends these previous studies, by
   demonstrating the role of both the presence of a partner and the
   associated network, where the partner actively provides social support.
   As the size of a social network seems to be an important driver of
   subjective well-being [54], this could indicate that a small partner
   network can offset the lack of a larger social network. Unfortunately,
   a limitation of our present study is that besides general network
   satisfaction, the SHARE data set has no more fine-grained questions for
   the quality of marriages/partnerships.

   Taken together, our results suggest that social networks may be
   important for well-being and mental health in old age. Spouses,
   partners and children are often the basis of long-lasting social
   networks, which can provide social support to elderly people. However,
   different forms of network may have similar effects, as our data
   especially for male respondents suggests. As discussed above, this
   might derive from a level of trust and reciprocity implicit in all
   forms of networks. A remaining limitation of our study is of course
   that the results are correlational in nature. Further studies,
   comparing for example well-being and mental health before and after the
   formation of partnerships or social networks in longitudinal data are
   needed to establish which factors cause the positive effects found here
   and in the literature. Furthermore, research suggests that there is an
   important link between social support obtained from social networks and
   subjective well-being [54,55]. Subjective well-being is commonly
   measured with questions concerning life satisfaction, positive affect
   (experiencing positive emotions), and negative affect (experiencing
   negative emotions). As the SHARE data set only measures life
   satisfaction, we cannot draw a complete picture of the effects of
   family status and social networks on broader measures of subjective
   well-being.

   Networks may exert an influence on the person’s life beyond the mere
   role of the corresponding family status, for example by moderating
   influences of the environment on well-being. The direct association of
   family status with well-being and mental health may not capture such
   effects. Importantly, the current insights need to guide further
   research, with the next step being the assessment of the causal
   direction of the reported associations. This will allow moving towards
   making recommendations for public policy to maintain the well-being and
   mental health of the elderly through social networks.

Supporting information

S1 Fig. Age distribution.

   Percent of male (female) respondents for each age.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s001

   (TIF)

S2 Fig. Average well-being and mental health measure, by gender.

   Average well-being and mental health measure for all ages from 50 to 90
   years for male and female respondents. Male: black lines, Female: grey
   lines. After age 91 the number of available observations drops to less
   than 50.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s002

   (TIF)

S3 Fig. Network size by network type.

   The size of a bar reflects the share of respondents in a network type
   having a network of size 0 to 7.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s003

   (TIF)

S4 Fig. Distribution of the proximity index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s004

   (TIF)

S5 Fig. Distribution of the closeness index by network type.

   Each value of the network contact index is represented by a line. The
   height of each line represents the percentage of the index having the
   respective value for a network type.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s005

   (TIF)

S1 Table. Number of observations and unfolding income brackets per country.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s006

   (DOCX)

S2 Table. Summary statistics of demographic variables.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s007

   (DOCX)

S3 Table. Correlation of family status, social network characteristics,
well-being and mental health.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s008

   (DOCX)

S4 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, all respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s009

   (DOCX)

S5 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, male respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s010

   (DOCX)

S6 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for all
countries, female respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s011

   (DOCX)

S7 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on family status for each
country.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s012

   (DOCX)

S8 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, all
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s013

   (DOCX)

S9 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, male
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s014

   (DOCX)

S10 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size and family status for all countries, female
respondents.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s015

   (DOCX)

S11 Table. Well-being and mental health measures conditional on network size
over all countries.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s016

   (DOCX)

S12 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, all respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s017

   (DOCX)

S13 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, male respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s018

   (DOCX)

S14 Table. Regressing well-being and mental health on network types
controlling for network size, relational dynamics and family status for all
countries, female respondents with social support network.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0218704.s019

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   This paper uses data from SHARE Waves 1, 2, and 4, (DOIs:
   10.6103/SHARE.w1.600, 10.6103/SHARE.w2.600, 10.6103/SHARE.w4.600), see
   Börsch-Supan et al. [19] for methodological details. For funding of
   SHARE, see the Funding section.

   We thank Luisa Kling for her excellent research assistance, as well as
   Christian König-Kersting and Martin Vollmann for comments that greatly
   improved the manuscript.

References

    1. 1. Mastekaasa A. Marital Status, Distress, and Well-Being: An
       International Comparison. Journal of Comparative Family Studies.
       1994;25: 183–205.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Bures RM, Koropeckyj-Cox T, Loree M. Childlessness, parenthood,
       and depressive symptoms among middle-aged and older adults. Journal
       of Family Issues. 2009;30: 670–687.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Gibney S, Delaney L, Codd M, Fahey T. Lifetime Childlessness,
       Depressive Mood and Quality of Life Among Older Europeans. Social
       Indicators Research. 2017;130: 305–323.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Buber I, Engelhardt H. Children’s impact on the mental health of
       their older mothers and fathers: findings from the Survey of
       Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe. European Journal of
       Ageing. 2008;5: 31–45. pmid:28798560
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Evenson RJ, Simon RW. Clarifying the Relationship between
       Parenthood and Depression. Journal of Health and Social Behavior.
       2005;46: 341–358. pmid:16433280
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Hansen T, Slagsvold B, Moum T. Childlessness and Psychological
       Well-Being in Midlife and Old Age: An Examination of Parental
       Status Effects across a Range of Outcomes. Social Indicators
       Research. 2009;94: 343–362.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Hansen T. Parenthood and Happiness: a Review of Folk Theories
       Versus Empirical Evidence. Social Indicators Research. 2012;108:
       29–64.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Manuel JI, Martinson ML, Bledsoe-Mansori SE, Bellamy JL. The
       influence of stress and social support on depressive symptoms in
       mothers with young children. Social Science & Medicine. 2012;75:
       2013–2020. pmid:22910191
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Herbst CM, Ifcher J. The increasing happiness of US parents.
       Review of Economics of the Household. 2016;14: 529–551.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Margolis R, Myrskylä M. A Global Perspective on Happiness and
       Fertility. Population and Development Review. 2011;37: 29–56.
       pmid:21714198
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Cobb S. Social support as a moderator of life stress.
       Psychosomatic medicine. 1976;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Definition of social support—NCI Dictionary of Cancer
       Terms—National Cancer Institute [Internet]. 23 Oct 2018 [cited 6
       Nov 2018]. Available:
       https://web.archive.org/web/20181023124317/https://www.cancer.gov/p
       ublications/dictionaries/cancer-terms/def/social-support
   13. 13. Wasserman S, Faust K. Social network analysis: Methods and
       applications. Cambridge university press; 1994.
   14. 14. Pearson JE. The Definition and Measurement of Social Support.
       Journal of Counseling & Development. 1986;64: 390–395.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Litwin H, Shiovitz-Ezra S. Social Network Type and Subjective
       Well-being in a National Sample of Older Americans. The
       Gerontologist. 2011;51: 379–388. pmid:21097553
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Litwin H, Stoeckel KJ. Confidant Network Types and Well-Being
       Among Older Europeans. The Gerontologist. 2014;54: 762–772.
       pmid:23749390
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Pinquart M, Sörensen S. Influences of Socioeconomic Status,
       Social Network, and Competence on Subjective Well-Being in Later
       Life: A Meta-Analysis. Psychology and Aging. 2000;15: 187–224.
       pmid:10879576
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Litwin H. Social Networks and Well-being: A Comparison of Older
       People in Mediterranean and Non-Mediterranean Countries. The
       Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social
       Sciences. 2010;65B: 599–608. pmid:20008485
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Börsch-Supan A, Brandt M, Hunkler C, Kneip T, Korbmacher J,
       Malter F, et al. Data Resource Profile: The Survey of Health,
       Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE). International Journal of
       Epidemiology. 2013;42: 992–1001. pmid:23778574
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Börsch-Supan A, Brandt M, Litwin H, Weber G (Eds). Active
       ageing and solidarity between generations in Europe: first results
       from SHARE after the economic crisis 2013. De Gruyter: Berlin;
       2015.
   21. 21. Malter F, Börsch-Supan A (Eds). SHARE Wave 4: Innovations &
       Methodology. Munich: MEA, Max Planck Institute for Social Law and
       Social Policy. 2013;
   22. 22. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 4. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w4.600
   23. 23. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 1. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w1.600
   24. 24. Börsch-Supan A. Survey of Health, Ageing and Retirement in
       Europe (SHARE) Wave 2. Release version: 6.0.0. SHARE-ERIC. 2017;
       https://doi.org/10.6103/SHARE.w2.600
   25. 25. Hoffmeyer-Zlotnik JHP, Wolf C, editors. International Standard
       Classification of Education, ISCED 1997. Advances in Cross-National
       Comparison: A European Working Book for Demographic and
       Socio-Economic Variables. Boston, MA: Springer US; 2003. pp.
       195–220. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4419-9186-7_10
   26. 26. Dodge R, Daly A, Huyton J, Sanders L. The challenge of defining
       wellbeing. International Journal of Wellbeing. 2012;2: 222–235.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Matheson J. Measuring What Matters: National Statistician‘s
       Reflections on the National Debate on Measuring National
       Well-being. London: Office for National Statistics. 2011;
   28. 28. Evans J. Findings from the National Well-being Debate. London:
       Office for National Statistics. 2011;
   29. 29. Diener E, Suh E. Measuring Quality of Life: Economic, Social,
       and Subjective Indicators. Social Indicators Research. 1997;40:
       189–216.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Knesebeck OVD, Wahrendorf M, Hyde M, Siegrist J. Socio-economic
       position and quality of life among older people in 10 European
       countries: results of the SHARE study. Ageing and Society. 2007;27:
       269–284.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Pavot W, Diener E. The Affective and Cognitive Context of
       Self-Reported Measures of Subjective Well-Being. Social Indicators
       Research. 1993;28: 1–20.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Beckie TM, Hayduk LA. Measuring Quality of Life. Social
       Indicators Research. 1997;42: 21–39.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. Hyde M, Wiggins RD, Higgs P, Blane DB. A measure of quality of
       life in early old age: The theory, development and properties of a
       needs satisfaction model (CASP-19). Aging & Mental Health. 2003;7:
       186–194. pmid:12775399
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Prince MJ, Reischies F, Beekman ATF, Fuhrer R, Jonker C, Kivela
       S-L, et al. Development of the EURO–D scale–a European Union
       initiative to compare symptoms of depression in 14 European
       centres. British Journal of Psychiatry. 1999;174: 330–338.
       pmid:10533552
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Castro-Costa E, Dewey M, Stewart R, Banerjee S, Huppert F,
       Mendonca-Lima C, et al. Ascertaining late-life depressive symptoms
       in Europe: an evaluation of the survey version of the EURO-D scale
       in 10 nations. The SHARE project. International Journal of Methods
       in Psychiatric Research. 2008;17: 12–29. pmid:18286461
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Prince MJ, Beekman ATF, Deeg DJH, Fuhrer R, Kivela S-L, Lawlor
       BA, et al. Depression symptoms in late life assessed using the
       EURO–D scale. Effect of age, gender and marital status in 14
       European centres. British Journal of Psychiatry. 1999;174: 339–345.
       pmid:10533553
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Tomini F, Tomini SM, Groot W. Understanding the value of social
       networks in life satisfaction of elderly people: a comparative
       study of 16 European countries using SHARE data. BMC Geriatrics.
       2016;16. pmid:27905902
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Fung HH, Carstensen LL, Lang FR. Age-Related Patterns in Social
       Networks among European Americans and African Americans:
       Implications for Socioemotional Selectivity across the Life Span.
       The International Journal of Aging and Human Development. 2001;52:
       185–206. pmid:11407486
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Blieszner R, Mancini JA. Enduring Ties: Older Adults’ Parental
       Role and Responsibilities. Family Relations. 1987;36: 176.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Brandt M, Haberkern K, Szydlik M. Intergenerational Help and
       Care in Europe. European Sociological Review. 2009;25: 585–601.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Shanas E. The Family as a Social Support System in Old Age. The
       Gerontologist. 1979;19: 169–174. pmid:263596
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Fiori KL, Antonucci TC, Cortina KS. Social Network Typologies
       and Mental Health Among Older Adults. The Journals of Gerontology
       Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences. 2006;61:
       25–32. pmid:16399938
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Li T, Zhang Y. Social network types and the health of older
       adults: Exploring reciprocal associations. Social Science &
       Medicine. 2015;130: 59–68. pmid:25681715
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Litwin H. Social network type and health status in a national
       sample of elderly Israelis. Social Science & Medicine. 1998;46:
       599–609.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Ward JH. Hierarchical Grouping to Optimize an Objective
       Function. Journal of the American Statistical Association. 1963;58:
       236.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Oxman TE, Hull JG. Social Support, Depression, and Activities
       of Daily Living in Older Heart Surgery Patients. The Journals of
       Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences.
       1997;52B: P1–P14. pmid:9008671
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Hank K, Wagner M. Parenthood, Marital Status, and Well-Being in
       Later Life: Evidence from SHARE. Social Indicators Research.
       2013;114: 639–653.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Nelson SK, Kushlev K, English T, Dunn EW, Lyubomirsky S. In
       Defense of Parenthood: Children Are Associated With More Joy Than
       Misery. Psychological Science. 2013;24: 3–10. pmid:23201970
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Gerard JM, Landry-Meyer L, Roe JG. Grandparents raising
       grandchildren: The role of social support in coping with caregiving
       challenges. The International Journal of Aging and Human
       Development. 2006;62: 359–383. pmid:16739469
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Leder S, Grinstead LN, Torres E. Grandparents raising
       grandchildren: Stressors, social support, and health outcomes.
       Journal of Family Nursing. 2007;13: 333–352. pmid:17641112
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Litwin H, Stoeckel KJ. Social networks and subjective wellbeing
       among older Europeans: does age make a difference? Ageing and
       Society. 2013;33: 1263–1281.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Gove WR, Hughes M, Style CB. Does marriage have positive
       effects on the psychological well-being of the individual? Journal
       of health and social behavior. 1983; 122–131. pmid:6886367
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Kim HK, McKenry PC. The relationship between marriage and
       psychological well-being: A longitudinal analysis. Journal of
       family Issues. 2002;23: 885–911.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Wang X. Subjective well-being associated with size of social
       network and social support of elderly. Journal of health
       psychology. 2016;21: 1037–1042. pmid:25104778
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Siedlecki KL, Salthouse TA, Oishi S, Jeswani S. The
       Relationship Between Social Support and Subjective Well-Being
       Across Age. Soc Indic Res. 2014;117: 561–576. pmid:25045200
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Mental health and psychiatry
       Is the Subject Area "Mental health and psychiatry" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Social networks
       Is the Subject Area "Social networks" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Children
       Is the Subject Area "Children" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Human families
       Is the Subject Area "Human families" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Depression
       Is the Subject Area "Depression" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Quality of life
       Is the Subject Area "Quality of life" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Behavioral and social aspects of health
       Is the Subject Area "Behavioral and social aspects of health"
       applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Socioeconomic aspects of health
       Is the Subject Area "Socioeconomic aspects of health" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of chemical
pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States

     * Michael DiBartolomeis ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Michael DiBartolomeis, Susan
       Kegley
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis,
       Investigation, Methodology, Validation, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: mjd@toxicologistint.com
       Affiliation Toxicology Research International, Haiku, Hawaii,
       United States of America
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0003-0618-2581
       ⨯
     * Susan Kegley ,
       Contributed equally to this work with: Michael DiBartolomeis, Susan
       Kegley
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis,
       Investigation, Methodology, Writing – original draft
       Affiliation Pesticide Research Institute, Inc., Santa Rosa,
       California, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Pierre Mineau,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Biology, Carleton University, Ottawa,
       Ontario, Canada
       ⨯
     * Rosemarie Radford,
       Roles Data curation
       Affiliation Pesticide Research Institute, Inc., Santa Rosa,
       California, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Kendra Klein
       Roles Funding acquisition, Project administration, Resources,
       Supervision
       Affiliation Friends of the Earth US, Berkeley, California, United
       States of America
       ⨯

An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of chemical
pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States

     * Michael DiBartolomeis,
     * Susan Kegley,
     * Pierre Mineau,
     * Rosemarie Radford,
     * Kendra Klein

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: August 6, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Fig 2
   Table 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4
   Fig 5
   Fig 6
   Fig 7
   Fig 8
   Fig 9
   Table 3

Abstract

   We present a method for calculating the Acute Insecticide Toxicity
   Loading (AITL) on US agricultural lands and surrounding areas and an
   assessment of the changes in AITL from 1992 through 2014. The AITL
   method accounts for the total mass of insecticides used in the US,
   acute toxicity to insects using honey bee contact and oral LD[50] as
   reference values for arthropod toxicity, and the environmental
   persistence of the pesticides. This screening analysis shows that the
   types of synthetic insecticides applied to agricultural lands have
   fundamentally shifted over the last two decades from predominantly
   organophosphorus and N-methyl carbamate pesticides to a mix dominated
   by neonicotinoids and pyrethroids. The neonicotinoids are generally
   applied to US agricultural land at lower application rates per acre;
   however, they are considerably more toxic to insects and generally
   persist longer in the environment. We found a 48- and 4-fold increase
   in AITL from 1992 to 2014 for oral and contact toxicity, respectively.
   Neonicotinoids are primarily responsible for this increase,
   representing between 61 to nearly 99 percent of the total toxicity
   loading in 2014. The crops most responsible for the increase in AITL
   are corn and soybeans, with particularly large increases in relative
   soybean contributions to AITL between 2010 and 2014. Oral exposures are
   of potentially greater concern because of the relatively higher
   toxicity (low LD[50]s) and greater likelihood of exposure from residues
   in pollen, nectar, guttation water, and other environmental media.
   Using AITL to assess oral toxicity by class of pesticide, the
   neonicotinoids accounted for nearly 92 percent of total AITL from 1992
   to 2014. Chlorpyrifos, the fifth most widely used insecticide during
   this time contributed just 1.4 percent of total AITL based on oral
   LD[50]s. Although we use some simplifying assumptions, our screening
   analysis demonstrates an increase in pesticide toxicity loading over
   the past 26 years, which potentially threatens the health of honey bees
   and other pollinators and may contribute to declines in beneficial
   insect populations as well as insectivorous birds and other insect
   consumers.

   Citation: DiBartolomeis M, Kegley S, Mineau P, Radford R, Klein K
   (2019) An assessment of acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL) of
   chemical pesticides used on agricultural land in the United States.
   PLoS ONE 14(8): e0220029. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029

   Editor: Simone Tosi, University of California San Diego, UNITED STATES

   Received: June 27, 2018; Accepted: July 8, 2019; Published: August 6,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 DiBartolomeis et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: All relevant data are within the paper, its
   Supporting Information files, and or can be accessed with the URLs
   (E.g., USGS data) provided in the reference section.

   Funding: This study was funded by Friends of the Earth U.S. (FOE). MD,
   SK, RR, and PM received research fees as contractors to FOE. KK is a
   staff scientist at FOE. SK and RR are paid employees of the Pesticide
   Research Institute (PRI). The specific roles of these authors are
   articulated in the “author contributions.” The funders did not have any
   additional role in the study design, data collection and analysis,
   decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.

   Competing interests: KK is a staff scientist at Friends of the Earth.
   MD is the Principal Scientist of Toxicology Research International
   (TRI), which is a Sole Proprietorship. SK is the Principal Scientist
   and CEO of Pesticide Research Institute (PRI) and RR is a Staff
   Scientist at PRI. This does not alter adherence to PLOS ONE policies on
   sharing data and materials. There are no patents, products in
   development, or marketed products to declare.

Introduction

   Insects form the basis of the food web that sustains life on Earth.
   They are critical to ecosystem success, providing food for amphibians,
   fish, birds, reptiles, and mammals. Insects play a role in decomposing
   animal wastes and dead vegetation, recycling the nutrients in these
   materials and returning them to the soil. Insects also contribute to
   the agricultural production of crops that feed humankind, both as the
   primary pollinators of many plants and as natural controls of pest
   insects that feed on crops important to human survival. A diverse
   population of insects benefits agriculture by keeping a balance between
   predatory and pest insects and providing pollination services [1].

   Insecticides targeting crop-damaging pests reduce both the number and
   diversity of insects in an ecosystem [2]. With conventional farming
   practices relying primarily on chemical insecticides for pest insect
   management, ecosystems comprising US agricultural lands are highly
   impacted through both direct effects on insects and direct and indirect
   effects on other species [3]. Although many members of the ecosystem
   may not be exposed to sufficient doses of insecticides to suffer
   acutely lethal poisonings, sublethal and indirect adverse effects have
   been demonstrated to occur [4].

Insecticide use patterns in the US

   The types of synthetic insecticides applied to agricultural lands have
   fundamentally shifted over the last two decades from predominantly
   organophosphorus and N-methyl carbamate insecticides to substantially
   lower amounts of organophosphorus compounds along with a substantial
   increase in neonicotinoids and a modest increase in pyrethroids (Fig
   1). Petroleum derivatives such as mineral oil and inorganics such as
   kaolin clay, lime-sulfur, cryolite, and borates remain as some of the
   primary lower-toxicity chemical classes of insecticides in current use,
   with little change over time.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Change in use of insecticide chemical classes in the US
   (1992–2014).

   Data source: US Geological Survey pesticide use estimates for the US
   [5–7].

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g001

   These changes in use patterns reflect the outcome of US Environmental
   Protection Agency (US EPA) re-registration of pesticides mandated by
   the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996 and the development of new
   pesticide chemistries targeting different receptors in insect
   physiology to combat resistance in pest species [8]. These changes have
   almost certainly altered the toxicity landscape for insects. In
   general, systemic pesticides, in particular the neonicotinoids, are now
   one of the preferred or most readily available and economically
   efficient class of insecticides used in conventional agriculture
   practices in rotation with carbamate, pyrethroid, and
   organophosphorus-containing pesticide products, many of which are still
   registered for use in the US. The organophosphorus and N-methyl
   carbamate classes of pesticides are highly toxic to insects but are not
   especially persistent in the environment, with half-lives ranging from
   several days to several weeks [9, 10]. Neonicotinoids, like
   organophosphates and N-methyl carbamates, are neurotoxicants that
   target the central nervous system by binding to nicotinic acetylcholine
   receptors leading to overstimulation and paralysis. However,
   neonicotinoids generally pose lower acute hazards to mammals and
   greater toxicity to insects due to their differential binding abilities
   to invertebrate and vertebrate cholinergic receptors (Table 1) [11].
   The nitro-substituted neonicotinoids, including imidacloprid,
   thiamethoxam, and clothianidin (which is also a metabolite of
   thiamethoxam), are the most frequently used neonicotinoids and tend to
   have measurably greater persistence than the organophosphorus,
   carbamate, and pyrethroid insecticides, with half-lives of 39 to 174
   days in soils (see S1 Appendix for the source information of these
   data). In addition, the neonicotinoids exhibit higher water solubility,
   leading to greater exposure potential for insects consuming pollen,
   nectar, guttation water, or plant tissue or aquatic insects exposed to
   runoff containing these pesticides [12]. On the other hand, lipophilic
   chemicals would tend to accumulate more in the lipid components of
   pollen and bee bread [13].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Top ten most acutely toxic insecticides to honey bees by the
   oral route.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t001

   Although the neonicotinoids are highly toxic to insects, their effects
   are not confined to insects. For example, recent analyses indicate that
   insectivorous bird declines observed in the Netherlands and France
   appear to be associated with the use of neonicotinoid insecticides in
   the field or as seed treatments [14, 15]. Another review of the direct
   and indirect ecosystem effects of insecticides linked impaired growth
   in fish to reductions in invertebrate prey due to imidacloprid and
   fipronil use and linked reductions in lizard species to the effects of
   fipronil on termite prey [3]. Surface waters in agricultural areas have
   been shown to contain concentrations of neonicotinoids that exceed
   acute and chronic “invertebrate aquatic life benchmarks” and toxicity
   thresholds (e.g., no observed effect concentrations or NOEC) for
   aquatic life [16, 17].

   Long-term pest control often suffers from pesticide application since
   beneficial predatory insects that consume pest insects are susceptible
   to insecticide exposure and often not as quick to rebound [18–20].
   Prophylactic use of neonicotinoids as seed treatments in corn, soy, and
   other crops has risen in recent years; research has shown that this use
   has potentially damaged predatory beneficial insect populations and
   disrupted integrated pest management (IPM) programs [21].

Honey bees as an indicator species of ecotoxicity

   Honey bees are the most well studied indicator of insect health in US
   agricultural lands and surrounding areas. Because they are economically
   important for crop pollination, honey production, and wild plant
   pollination, the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) tracks
   colony counts and honey production in the US [22]. The honey bee (Apis
   mellifera) is generally considered to be relatively sensitive to
   pesticides when compared to other bee species [23] and has historically
   been used as an indicator for ecotoxicological testing. However, there
   has also been some concern that the honey bee is not a good indicator
   for other bees or other beneficial insects because of species
   differences in autecology and sensitivity [24]. Information is being
   developed on the toxicity of insecticides to pollinators other than
   honey bees, notably bumble bees (Bombus species) and several solitary
   bee species. However, to date, data are only available for a small
   proportion of active ingredients, and tests have not been standardized.
   Heard et al. developed a “standardized” toxicity test system to compare
   the relative sensitivity between bee species in terms of a pesticide’s
   toxic potency and the time needed for the onset of toxicity [24].
   Although there were significant inter-species differences that varied
   through time, overall, the magnitude of these differences was generally
   within an acceptable two-fold range.

   A recent meta-analysis of paired toxicity data from the same sources
   demonstrated a high variability of sensitivity among bee species
   (Max/Min ratio from 0.001 to 2085.7) [23]. However, an extrapolation
   factor of 10 applied to honey bee toxicity endpoints was sufficiently
   protective in 95 percent of cases, and the honey bee tended (as shown
   by a median value of ratios) to be slightly more sensitive than the
   paired test species. Sanchez-Bayo and Goka regressed Bombus LD[50]
   values against Apis LD[50] values and concluded that the susceptibility
   of both genera was similar when exposed by the oral route [25].
   However, the honey bee was found to be more sensitive than bumble bees
   by the contact route even after correcting for weight. It is clear that
   the susceptibility of any one insect species could be substantially
   different from another.

   In our work, we use honey bee toxicity as an indicator for other bees
   and beneficial insects in US agricultural land because the available
   data appear to demonstrate that the honey bee is sensitive to the
   toxicity of chemical pesticides and has the most comprehensive data set
   available for insects. Until more data on other insects become
   available, the use of the honey bee as an indicator for other species
   is a reasonable approach to show how insecticide toxicity loadings have
   changed over time.

   The toxicity database on honey bees is compiled from test results
   submitted by pesticide manufacturers (“registrants”), academic
   researchers, and other independent research institutes. In order to
   register (license) a pesticide product in the US, applicants for
   registration must satisfy several criteria specified in the Federal
   Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) including but not
   limited to the product’s toxicity in a variety of biological systems,
   its fate and impact on the environment, and for certain pesticide
   products, proof of its performance (efficacy) [26]. Acute lethality
   (LD[50]) testing in honey bees is required under FIFRA, however, field
   tests are only required on a rarely invoked case-by-case basis. Despite
   these limitations and data gaps, the acute toxicity data base (LD[50]s)
   for honey bees is sufficient to allow for a comparative screening
   analysis of acute insecticide toxicity loading in the environment.

Assessing the acute toxicity loading of insecticides on US agricultural land
and surrounding areas

   An assessment of changes in the types and amounts of insecticides used
   over time and consideration of potential environmental impacts is
   illuminating. We present here a method for assessing the Acute
   Insecticide Toxicity Loading (AITL) on US agricultural lands and
   surrounding areas for terrestrial insects using toxicity data for the
   honey bee as an indicator for all arthropods. We developed the AITL
   method in order to allow for a screening level analysis of the
   historical loading of pesticides onto agricultural land and surrounding
   areas over the past two decades and as a metric for evaluating their
   potential for causing detrimental impacts on beneficial insects such as
   pollinators and other non-target species.

   Recently, researchers in Great Britain published a comparable method
   [27]. In this work, the authors investigated the occurrence of changes
   in the mass of pesticides used, the area sprayed, and the total number
   of honey bees that could potentially be killed in Great Britain in the
   period covering 1990 to 2015. Our AITL analysis is an internally
   consistent estimate, which accounts for the total mass of toxic
   pesticides applied in the US and to specific crops and the acute
   toxicity of each pesticide to the honey bee. However, unlike the
   previously published method, the AITL also accounts for pesticide
   persistence in the environment (i.e. dissipation rate in field). The
   AITL values were calculated by chemical class, by individual chemical
   for the top chemicals contributing to the loading, and by crop groups
   as defined in the US Geological Survey (USGS) pesticide use database
   [5–7].

   We believe the incorporation of persistence (e.g., as measured by
   half-life in the field and/or soil) of pesticides in this analysis is
   crucial to understanding the long-term and cumulative ecosystem
   toxicity beyond the initial pesticide application to a crop. For
   example, although organophosphorus insecticides are highly toxic to
   insects, they generally have half-lives less than 30 days and do not
   present a long-term hazard for insects. This characteristic allows for
   the mitigation of the risk to pollinators through application timing
   that avoids periods of bloom. In contrast, neonicotinoid residues from
   seed treatments may be found in the soil for months or even years after
   planting [12, 28]. For example, neonicotinoid insecticides applied on
   coated seeds [18], mature citrus trees [29], or as soil drenches [12]
   on annual crops have been found to be effective at killing insects more
   than 50 days from treatment or planting of treated seeds. For perennial
   crops such as trees and vines, insecticidal efficacy can last for
   months up to a few years under certain conditions [30].

   To account for persistence, similar to the methods used to estimate the
   dose of a drug [31], we estimated pesticide loading to the US
   agricultural land and surrounding areas as the area under the curve of
   degradation/dissipation of pesticides over time. We assumed typical
   first-order kinetics, which is used by US EPA to estimate pesticide
   degradation (see Methods).

   The AITL analysis does not account for toxicity effects other than
   lethality or for synergistic effects from co-application of different
   active ingredients. The analysis also does not provide specific
   information on actual exposures experienced by insects in the
   environment nor on the timing and mode of pesticide application or the
   dissipation of the pesticide into the environment. Therefore, the AITL
   is not a standard risk assessment method (i.e., estimating the
   probability of harm) based on quantified actual or predicted exposure.

   We propose that the AITL could be used as a screening tool by providing
   year-to-year comparison of toxicity loading over time, measuring change
   in the potential toxicity of chemicals released into the environment,
   predicting potential impacts of new insecticides being considered for
   registration, and for surveying insecticide use and impacts on
   agricultural land. In this paper, we apply our AITL methodology to
   analyze how acute toxicity loading for insects in US agricultural land
   and surrounding areas changed between 1992 and 2014 and to identify the
   pesticidal chemical classes, the specific chemical active ingredients,
   and the crops that contributed most to these changes.

Methods

Pesticide use data

   Pesticide use data were obtained from USGS and include foliar, soil,
   and seed treatment uses of pesticides [5–7] from 1992–2014. USGS
   reports agricultural pesticide use at the county level, which are based
   on farm surveys of pesticide use and estimates of harvested crop acres.
   Data collected after 2014 were not included, since the data collection
   methods no longer incorporate pesticides used as seed treatments. USGS
   developed two estimates: the “EPest High” estimate that interpolated
   for missing data and the “EPest Low” estimate which simply assumed zero
   use if data were missing. We used the EPest High data for our
   assessment because it provides a more complete and realistic
   quantitative description of pesticide use in the US. It should be noted
   that data are missing from this data set for insecticides used on
   soybean crops between 1998 and 2003 because this question was omitted
   in grower surveys (USGS, personal communication). Also, pesticides for
   which no environmental half-life or either oral or contact honey bee
   LD[50] values were available were not included in the analysis.

   Nationwide, data on acres treated with different pesticides do not
   exist for the time period in question, but approvals for new use of
   systemic insecticides on cropland can be tracked via tolerance
   decisions published in the Federal Register [32]. We determined acres
   that could legally be treated using the USDA National Agricultural
   Statistics Service acres planted data from the Census of Agriculture
   (Fig 2) [22]. By this measure, the acres of US cropland that could be
   treated with neonicotinoids have increased every year, with large
   increases in potential use when approvals were obtained for
   high-acreage commodity crops like corn, soybeans, cotton, wheat, and
   alfalfa. As noted previously, seed coatings comprise the largest
   contribution to increasing use [33], although studies do not
   consistently demonstrate economic benefits to farmers from insecticidal
   seed treatments [34].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Crop acreage in the US on which neonicotinoid insecticides could
   legally be used based on 2007 data for acres planted.

   Data source: US Federal Register notices, US Environmental Protection
   Agency 1992–2017 [32].

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g002

Toxicity and environmental persistence data

   In calculating the AITL, we used honey bee contact (often referred to
   in the literature as topical) and oral LD[50] values as an indicator
   for pesticide toxicity to insects, referred to as AITL[C] and AITL[O],
   respectively. Honey bee LD[50] values for registered insecticides were
   obtained from a variety of sources and are provided in the supporting
   materials that accompany this publication (S1 Appendix). The database
   for LD[50]s is a compilation of data publicly available from several
   databases managed by government agencies, academic institutions, and
   independent research institutes worldwide. Values generated for the
   technical grade active ingredient were used preferentially, although
   data obtained with formulations were used if technical grade active
   ingredient LD[50]s were not available. Toxic degradates were included
   in the analysis if the degradate was also a registered pesticide and
   the AITL[C] of the parent pesticide was greater than or equal to (≥)
   0.1 percent of the total AITL[C] for the period 1992–2014. In practice,
   this criterion excluded all but clothianidin produced from the
   degradation of thiamethoxam, where 35.6 percent of applied thiamethoxam
   degrades to clothianidin within 90 days [35]. This portion of
   clothianidin was analyzed separately for source clarity.

   Excluded from the analysis were known low acute toxicity inorganic
   pesticides (e.g., cryolite, sulfur), low acute toxicity petroleum
   derivatives (e.g., mineral oil), microbial pesticides (e.g., Bacillus
   thuringiensis), and low-use (<5,000 kg over the time period 1992–2014)
   pesticides. The only high-use, potentially higher toxicity pesticide
   for which LD[50] values could not be found is phostebupirim
   (tebupirimphos), which excluded it from the analysis [36]. A range of
   LD[50] values for honey bees has been reported for some pesticide
   active ingredients, and for some we have concerns over the quality of
   the data. In order to consistently and comparably select LD[50]s to use
   in our analysis, we developed a set of explicit rules which we applied
   in the selection process (Table 2). These rules were used independently
   for both contact and oral toxicity values.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Guidelines used in selecting LD[50] values from multiple
   sources of data.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t002

   Aerobic half-lives for pesticide chemicals were obtained from several
   sources. The preferred source was the Pesticide Properties Database
   (PPDB) field half-life [37]. If a field half-life value was not
   available in the PPDB, we used the soil half-life from this database.
   If any half-life value for a chemical was not available from the PPDB
   database, the aerobic half-life from the California Department of
   Pesticide Regulation Status Reports for the Pesticide Contamination
   Prevention Act [9] was used.

Acute toxicity loading for insects

   Our approach provides a general measure of acute toxicity loading of
   insecticides on US agricultural land and surrounding areas, assuming
   insects are exposed to pesticides released to the environment through
   direct contact with contaminated surfaces, water, or food or through
   ingestion of contaminated food or water. Different insects will have
   different exposures depending on their habitat, behaviors, and food
   sources; however, across years, exposures for different types of
   insects will be comparable. However, as noted previously, this analysis
   does not include actual or estimated exposure doses, nor does it factor
   in timing and mode of pesticide application. Therefore, the AITL method
   would best be described as a screening analysis that can identify or
   predict potential environmental impacts.

   Honey bee lethality is the measure of toxicity used to assess AITL.
   This analysis was developed for both contact toxicity (AITLc) and oral
   toxicity (AITLo). The AITL[C] calculation provides the number of
   toxicity loading units (TLU) applied to a crop for each pesticide by
   dividing the mass of chemical applied (in μg) by the honey bee contact
   LD[50] (in μg/bee) (the first term in Eq 1 below) to give the number of
   honey bee LD[50]’s released to the environment. This value is then
   modified by the half-life of the chemical (in days), assuming exposure
   continues as long as the chemical is present, with degradation governed
   by the half-life of the chemical and the dose expressed as the area
   under the curve of concentration versus time (second term in Eq 1).
   Because the AITL values obtained are on the order of 10^12–10^18, a
   scaling factor of 10^−15 is included to scale the values for plotting
   the results. The same method of calculation is applied for AITLo (Eq
   2).
   [journal.pone.0220029.e001] (1) [journal.pone.0220029.e002] (2)

   Toxic degradates are known for some pesticide active ingredients.
   However, because environmental half-lives were not available for most
   of these compounds they were not included in the analysis. Those
   degradates with known toxicity (e.g., malaoxon, the degradate of
   malathion) might contribute to overall acute toxicity, although we
   determined that most known degradates would contribute only a
   negligible amount to the overall toxicity loading of the parent
   compound. The one exception as noted previously is clothianidin, which
   is a metabolite of thiamethoxam; our analysis accounts for this
   conversion in the environment because it contributes a measurable level
   of toxicity relative to the parent compound.

   We estimated pesticide loading on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas as the area under the curve of degradation/dissipation of
   pesticides over time, assuming typical first-order kinetics, as
   recommended by US EPA in its guidance [38]. While degradation rates
   vary depending on a number of factors, the first-order assumption is
   widely used for estimating pesticide concentrations in the environment
   over time, and this appears to be an appropriate assumption for the
   neonicotinoid insecticides [39, 40]. An example theoretical degradation
   curve for imidacloprid, with a half-life of 174 days, is shown in Fig
   3. In this example, on Day Zero (application day), the available dose
   is 150 honey bee LD[50]s. On Day One, 149 honey bee LD[50]s still
   remain, with the potential for concomitant toxic effects to insects. On
   Day 174, 75 honey bee LD[50]s remain in the environment. Ninety-seven
   percent of the imidacloprid is degraded at five half-lives (870 days or
   2.4 years). The total integrated environmental toxicity loading level
   over time can be calculated as the area under the curve. Therefore, we
   define AITL as the area under the curve in number of honey bee
   LD[50]-days, representing the total exposure potential for arthropods
   (both terrestrial and aquatic) over the degradation period.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Theoretical degradation curve for imidacloprid following
   first-order kinetics with a half-life of 174 days.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g003

   For pesticides used as seed treatments, our analysis assumes that
   insect exposure from contact with treated crops would include dust
   drift to field-side plants during seed planting (which can be
   considerable) resulting in both contact and oral exposure, and oral
   exposure from consuming pollen, nectar, guttation droplets, or plant
   tissue from the treated crop [12]. In addition, application of the
   seeds to soil would result in exposure of the soil entomofauna and
   migration to waterways would result in exposures for aquatic insects.
   This is a simplifying assumption, which may or may not overestimate
   actual insecticide doses received by honey bees and other beneficial
   insects from seed treatments, depending on the specific circumstances.
   Based on a “residue per unit dose” estimation, it appears that seeding
   results in higher contamination of insects than an equivalent spray
   application but, due to the lower per hectare (or acre) rates of
   application for seed treatments, a comparable level of contamination in
   non-target arthropods can be expected [41]. Because the AITL is
   intended to be used as a screening level assessment for comparative and
   surveillance purposes, the inclusion of seed treatment applications is
   a reasonable approach. Further refinement of this method or other
   analyses would be required before making policy or regulatory decisions
   based on seed insecticide treatments alone.

Results

AITL calculations by chemical class

   A comparison of AITLs calculated for different pesticide groupings
   demonstrates that insecticides contribute nearly 100 percent of the
   acute toxicity loading on honey bees and other beneficial insects of
   pesticides applied to agricultural land and surrounding areas in the US
   compared to herbicides, fungicides, and others (results not shown).
   Based on these preliminary calculations, we determined that the
   insecticides as a class represent the primary acute toxicity loading to
   insects in the environment. Therefore, no further analysis was
   conducted on the other pesticide groups.

Acute contact toxicity.

   AITL values were calculated for insecticidal active ingredients
   comprising several chemical classes for both acute contact (AITL[C])
   and acute oral (AITL[O]) toxicity on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas in the US. Fig 4 presents the relative AITL[C] values from 1992
   to 2014 for six chemical classes as well as a miscellaneous category
   for contact acute toxicity (LD[50]s). From 1992, the first year
   included in our assessment, to 2014, the acute toxicity loading of
   pesticides in US agricultural land and surrounding areas based on
   AITL[C] increased by 3.8-fold.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by chemical
   class, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g004

   In the first decade of analysis, between 1992 and 2003, the AITL[C] is
   the result of predominantly four classes of chemicals, the
   organophosphorus (43.4 percent on average), pyrethroid (28.5 percent on
   average), pyrazole (9.4 percent on average), and neonicotinoid (11.1
   percent on average) insecticides. Although neonicotinoids had been
   introduced in 1994, our analysis indicates that the relative loading of
   this group of insecticides into the environment began to increase
   dramatically starting in about 2004 when the relative loading of the
   organophosphorus insecticides began to decrease. In 2004, the relative
   contribution of the neonicotinoids (27.8 percent) based on AITL[C]
   surpassed that of the organophosphorus insecticides (22.0 percent) for
   the first time. By 2014, the relative contribution of neonicotinoids on
   the environmental toxicity loading via contact was 6.5 times greater
   than that of the organophosphorus insecticides. Pyrethroid insecticides
   contributed to the overall AITL[C] relatively consistently from 1992 to
   2014 (28.5 percent on average, range of 26.5 to 36.1 percent). Pyrazole
   insecticides (fipronil) contributed a smaller proportion of overall
   acute contact toxicity loading between 1992 and 2014 (6.2 percent) with
   the largest contribution occurring in a 12-year span from 1998 to 2010
   (11.7 percent on average, range of 4.4 to 23.0 percent)[42], when its
   use on corn was cancelled [42]. The other insecticide classes analyzed
   contributed relatively small amounts to the overall AITL[C] of
   insecticide use on the environment.

Acute oral toxicity.

   On the basis of the acute oral toxicity loading (AITL[O]), the acute
   toxicity loading of insecticides in agricultural land and surrounding
   areas in the US was 48 times higher in 2014 compared to 1992. The
   AITL[O] shows a vastly different trend in terms of relative chemical
   classes over the same 23 year time period compared to AITL[C] (Fig 5).
   Although the organophosphorus insecticides comprised the majority of
   the acute toxicity loading between 1992 and 1994 (69 percent on
   average), from 1995 to 2014 the neonicotinoids comprise the majority
   (greater than 55 percent) of the overall AITL[O] on the environment.
   The pyrazoles contributed on average 7 percent of the total AITL[O]
   between 1998 and 2010 (range of 27 percent in 2002 to 1.7 percent in
   2010), which is consistent with the analysis for acute contact toxicity
   (Fig 4). The relatively greater potential impact of the neonicotinoids
   on the environment based on the oral toxicity data is due to the
   relatively long environmental persistence of these chemicals and their
   high level of toxicity (i.e., relatively low LD[50]s) to honey bees and
   other insects via the oral route (Table 1).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 5. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by chemical
   class, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g005

Overall toxicity.

   In terms of absolute toxicity loading, the combined AITL[C] for all
   chemical classes for acute contact toxicity increased by a factor of
   about 3.9 between 1992 and 2014 with the neonicotinoids contributing 60
   percent of the total toxicity loading in 2014. However, the potential
   impact of the neonicotinoids is far more dramatic when looking at the
   absolute toxicity loading of all classes of insecticides based on the
   oral route of exposure. As noted above, the combined AITL[O] for acute
   oral toxicity from all classes of insecticides increased by 48-fold
   from 1992 to 2014, with the neonicotinoids representing nearly 99
   percent of the total acute oral toxicity loading in 2014.

AITL calculations for active ingredients

   In order to determine which active ingredients contributed the majority
   of acute toxicity loading on agricultural land and surrounding areas in
   the US between 1992 and 2014, we calculated AITLs for individual
   chemicals representing the most toxic, persistent, and heavily used
   active ingredients in several chemical classes. AITL[C] and AITL[O]
   calculations for individual chemicals are presented in Figs 6 and 7,
   respectively.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 6. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by active
   ingredient, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g006
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 7. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by active
   ingredient, 1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g007

Acute contact toxicity.

   With respect to AITL[C] from 1992 to 2014, imidacloprid (20.0 percent)
   and chlorpyrifos (18.6 percent) comprise the two individual active
   ingredients with the most potential impact (Fig 6) over the 23-year
   period. Other individual insecticide active ingredients contributing a
   large proportion to the overall acute contact toxicity loading include:
   bifenthrin (11.2 percent), clothianidin (7.6 percent), cypermethrin
   (6.0 percent), fipronil (5.5 percent), cyfluthrin (3.8 percent),
   permethrin (2.7 percent, not shown in Fig 6), thiamethoxam (2.5
   percent), spinosad (1.7 percent, not shown in Fig 6), and clothianidin
   from thiamethoxam (1.5 percent). The remaining “other” insecticide
   active ingredients combined comprise 11.6 percent of the total acute
   contact toxicity loading over the 23-year period.

   The AITL[C] for imidacloprid from 1995 to 2014 appears to demonstrate
   three defined time periods where there is stepwise increase in relative
   AITL[C] contribution. Prior to 1995, imidacloprid does not contribute
   relevant TLU to the overall total. The first phase from 1995 to 2003
   indicates that imidacloprid contributed an average of 1,595 ± 344 TLU
   per year for an average contribution of 11.5 percent. The second phase
   from 2004 to 2009 indicates that imidacloprid contributed an average of
   3,441 ± 765 TLU per year for an average contribution of 18.5 percent.
   Finally, the third phase of increased imidacloprid use (2010–2014)
   indicates that this active ingredient contributed an average of 10,288
   ± 1,140 TLU per year for an average contribution of 32.6 percent. The
   other two neonicotinoids that contribute to the total AITL[C]
   (summation of TLU for all active ingredients for all years) in the
   23-year period are thiamethoxam and clothianidin (both as a registered
   active ingredient and as a degradation product). The increasing trend
   in use and contribution to the total AITL[C] begins in about 2004 for
   both chemicals, peaking in 2014 (the last year in our analysis) at 9.1
   and 2.5 percent contribution to the total, respectively. The post-2004
   increases in TLU described above is consistent with the increase in use
   of neonicotinoids for seed treatment at that time.

   On the other hand, the chlorpyrifos AITL[C] remains relatively constant
   from year-to-year over the 23 year time period with an average of 3,490
   ± 810 TLU. However, when computing the contribution of chlorpyrifos to
   the total AITL[C] from year-to-year, there is a steady downward trend
   of relative contribution. The peak contribution of chlorpyrifos to the
   total AITL[C] is in 1993 (42.3 percent) and the lowest relative
   contributions occur from 2011 to 2014 (approximately 8 percent per
   year), with a gradual decline over the 23 year period.

   Fipronil, a pyrazole insecticide, contributed a large proportion to the
   overall AITL[C] from 1998 to 2005, with an average contribution of 14.5
   ± 3.0 percent over this time period. After 2005, the use and
   contribution of fipronil declined rapidly because its conditional
   registration for use on corn was cancelled in 2010 [42], so that by
   2012, the contribution was minimal (less than 0.5 percent). Four
   pyrethroid active ingredients bifenthrin, permethrin, zeta
   cypermethrin, and cyfluthrin, also contribute to the overall AITL[C],
   contributing 11.2, 2.7, 6.0, and 3.8 percent over the 23-year period
   respectively. Individually, these active ingredients show some
   consistency of use and toxicity loading over the time period.
   Permethrin shows a steady downward trend after 2001, whereas cyfluthrin
   and zeta cypermethrin remain somewhat consistent from year-to-year.
   Bifenthrin, on the other hand, shows a large jump in use and toxicity
   loading contribution after 2009, with average percent contributions
   from 1992 to 2009 of 6.3 ± 2.6 and from 2010 to 2014 of 17.0 ± 2.4.
   This increase is largely due to increases in use of bifenthrin on corn,
   cotton, and soybeans[5–7].

Acute oral toxicity.

   With respect to AITL[O], chlorpyrifos follows a similar trend from 1992
   to 2014 as seen for acute contact toxicity with a more dramatic
   decrease in relative contribution over this time period (Fig 7). Over
   the 23-year period, the AITL[O] for chlorpyrifos averaged 676 ± 157 TLU
   per year with more toxicity contribution from 1992 to 2000 (841 ± 94
   TLU) per year than from 2001–2014 (569 ±76 TLU) per year. However, the
   relative AITL[O] shows a steady decrease from the peak contribution of
   28.6 percent in 1993 to the lowest contributions of less than 0.5
   percent from 2010 to 2014. After 2003, the relative contribution of
   chlorpyrifos to the total AITL[O] averaged only 0.8 percent per year.
   For all 23 years combined, chlorpyrifos contributed 1.4 percent (15,545
   TLU) to the overall AITL[O].

   The trend in AITL[O] from 1992 to 2014 for the neonicotinoids (Fig 7)
   is more complicated than seen for the AITL[C] (Fig 6). The contribution
   of imidacloprid begins in 1994 and continues through 2014, loading
   502,699 TLU (46.0 percent of the total TLU loading for all
   insecticides) into the ecosystem over this time period. In the 21-year
   period of imidacloprid use, there is a steady and marked increase in
   the absolute contribution of this active ingredient from year-to-year.
   In 1994, the AITL[O] was 750 TLU, by 2003 it was 10,124 TLU and in 2014
   it was 69,831 TLU. The relative contribution of imidacloprid to the
   total annual AITL[O] over the same 21-year time period shows more
   variation. From 1995 through 2004, the average relative contribution of
   imidacloprid to AITL[O] was 64.1 ±7.8 percent followed by a decrease in
   relative contribution from 2005 to 2014 to 43 ± 6 percent.

   The decline in the relative contribution of imidacloprid after 2004 is
   the result of the introduction of two other neonicotinoids,
   thiamethoxam and clothianidin, after 2000 and 2003, respectively. As
   the use of these two neonicotinoids increased, the relative
   contribution of imidacloprid to the total AITL[O] decreased. However,
   it is important to understand that the absolute contribution of the sum
   of these active ingredients has actually increased dramatically over
   this time period, and the trend suggests that this increase in acute
   toxicity loading on US agricultural land and surrounding areas will
   continue after 2014 as more acres of cropland and additional crops are
   treated with these insecticides. The absolute AITL[O] of thiamethoxam
   increased from 315 TLU in 2002, to 3,882 TLU in 2008, to 7,700 TLU in
   2014. The absolute toxicity loading of clothianidin is more pronounced,
   with a steady and sharp annual increase observed from 2004 to 2014.
   Clothianidin as an active ingredient contributed 8,928 TLU in 2004,
   23,352 in 2008, and 80,083 TLU in 2014. Total clothianidin toxicity
   loading (active ingredient plus degradation product) is 10,632 TLU in
   2004, 28,949 TLU in 2008, and 91,185 TLU in 2014. The absolute
   contribution of thiamethoxam and clothianidin (total) to the total
   AITL[O] of all insecticides from 1992 to 2014 was 500,527 TLU or 45.8
   percent of the total.

   The three neonicotinoid insecticide active ingredients combined
   accounted for 1,003,226 TLU from 1994 to 2014, and for the entire
   23-year period, contributed 91.8 percent of the total AITL[O] of all
   insecticides in the US. By contrast, fipronil, which is the next most
   widely used insecticide active ingredient from 1992 to 2014,
   contributed 3.1 percent. As noted earlier, chlorpyrifos, which is the
   fifth most widely used insecticide active ingredient, contributed only
   1.4 percent of the total AITL[O] in the US over the 23-year period.

AITL calculations on the basis of agricultural crops

   The primary crops responsible for the preponderance of AITL[C] summed
   over the 23-year period are corn (33.3 percent) and soybeans (15.2
   percent), followed by cotton (13.9 percent), vegetables and fruit (12.9
   percent), orchards and grapes (11.4 percent), alfalfa (4.5 percent),
   and wheat (4.0 percent) (Fig 8). Comparably, for AITL[O], the primary
   crops of importance are corn (43 percent) and soybeans (19.3 percent),
   followed by vegetables and fruit (13.3 percent), cotton (9.0 percent),
   orchards and grapes (9.0 percent), and wheat (3.9 percent) (Fig 9).
   Collectively, crops other than those listed above (“other” crops)
   comprise 4.7 and 2.6 percent of the AITL[C] and AITL[O], respectively.
   Although there is some consistency in the relative contributions of the
   crops to the acute contact and oral toxicity loading, the absolute
   toxicity loading is much greater for oral acute toxicity. Overall, the
   total AITL[O] for crops is 1,094,226 TLU whereas for AITL[C] the total
   is 383,456 TLU, or approximately one-third of the AITL[O], which is
   likely due to the greater toxicity of these insecticides via the oral
   route.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 8. Contact acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[C]) by crop,
   1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g008
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 9. Oral acute insecticide toxicity loading (AITL[O]) by crop,
   1992–2014.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.g009

   The USGS data set includes pesticides used as foliar sprays, seed
   treatments, and soil applications, but does not provide a breakdown of
   pounds used via different application methods. For corn, soy, and
   cotton, seed treatments are a primary route of application and comprise
   the largest contribution to increasing use [33]. Foliar uses are
   increasing. In 2014, there were 33 registered pesticide products
   containing imidacloprid for use on corn in the US; four of them
   approved for foliar uses [32]. For soybeans, there were 85 currently
   registered imidacloprid products with 54 approved for foliar uses. For
   cotton, there were 93 currently registered imidacloprid products with
   63 approved for foliar uses.

   According to the USGS, between 1998 and 2003, the survey methods used
   to collect the raw data for pesticide use on crops did not include a
   field for collecting data on insecticide application to soybean crops.
   Therefore, the data between 1998 and 2003 for soybeans are for
   herbicide application only. In 2004, USGS resumed surveying insecticide
   use on soybeans because it became a higher priority. The impact of this
   data gap is not known, but it likely would lead to a quantifiable
   underestimate of the relative total toxicity loading of insecticide use
   on soybean crops from 1992 to 2014. Interpolating the missing data is
   beyond the scope of our work.

Discussion and conclusions

Potential impacts of insecticide loading

   A decline of pollinating insects is occurring worldwide [43], with
   negative effects for pollination of many domestic crops [44]. Several
   interacting factors appear to be involved, including declines in
   natural and diverse habitat and food supplies resulting from
   agricultural land use intensification, the prevalence of parasites and
   pathogens, exposure to chemical pesticides used predominantly in
   agriculture, and environmental impacts due to changes in climate [43,
   45]. The impact of pesticides, in particular the neonicotinoids, on
   pollinator declines has received the most attention recently. For
   example, researchers in Great Britain used a comparable methodology to
   ours to show that potential honey bee deaths (the total number of
   LD[50]doses applied to arable farmland) has increased six-fold to
   approximately 3 x 10^16 bees over the past two decades in that country
   [27]. The authors attributed this result to the increasing use of
   neonicotinoids from 1994 to 2016. Likewise, despite its simplicity, the
   AITL analysis presented in this paper provides additional information
   in support of the hypothesis that the use of neonicotinoids on
   agricultural land and surrounding areas may play a primary role in the
   decline of insects in the US.

   The AITL calculations might also be used as an analytic tool to predict
   future impacts of newly registered pesticide products by inputting
   anticipated pesticide use and toxicity to insects, then accounting for
   the half-life to estimate the relative potential increase in toxic
   loading to beneficial insects and other non-target species in the
   ecosystem before the product is registered. As a predictive tool, the
   AITL could be helpful in identifying regrettable substitutions before
   products are registered. In agriculture, a regrettable substitution
   might occur when a new pesticide product, which is developed to replace
   a presumably more toxic and more risky product already on the market,
   actually causes greater harm to the environment and non-target species
   than the product it is meant to replace. The AITL analysis presented
   here introduces the concern that the increased use of the neonicotinoid
   class of insecticides, presumably to replace the organophosphorus,
   carbamate, and pyrethroid classes of insecticides could be a case of
   regrettable substitution in relation to the health of beneficial
   insects at least and potentially to other non-target species in the
   environment as well. In other words, this toxicity loading analysis
   indicates that the neonicotinoids are potentially more harmful to
   pollinators and other beneficial insects than originally predicted
   relative to the insecticides it they are presumably replacing.

   We have shown that the introduction and increasing use of the
   neonicotinoids from 1992 to 2014 is the primary reason for the dramatic
   increase in toxicity loading, in relation to pollinators and other
   beneficial insects and non-target arthropod species on US agricultural
   lands and surrounding areas. This is the result of a combination of
   increased use, relative toxicity, and greater persistence of
   neonicotinoids compared to chemical active ingredients used two decades
   ago. For example, in the US, imidacloprid is registered for use to
   control sucking insects, some chewing insects including termites, soil
   insects, and fleas on pets [46]. It may be applied to structures,
   crops, soil, and as a seed treatment as well as a topical treatment for
   animals. In 2016, there were 134 approved residue tolerances for
   imidacloprid, including crops and other applications [47]. In the
   21-year period of imidacloprid use (starting in 1994), there is a
   steady and marked increase in the absolute contribution of this active
   ingredient from year-to-year reflecting its increased use over this
   time span (see Results). In 1994, the AITL[O] was 750 TLU, by 2003 it
   was 10,124 TLU and in 2014 it was 69,831 TLU. If the use of
   neonicotinoids continues to increase as the use of other chemical
   insecticides decreases, then the absolute acute toxicity loading of
   imidacloprid would likely also continue to increase beyond 2014,
   particularly if there is approval of new crop uses of these
   insecticides.

   Although acute insecticide toxicity loading from topical expoures
   (AITL[C]) presents a potential threat to beneficial insects and other
   nontarget species, the acute insect toxicity loading from oral
   exposures (AITL[O]) might present an even greater potential threat.
   This is due to the higher level of toxicity (i.e., lower LD[50]s),
   increased persistence (i.e., longer half-lives), and the potential for
   greater relative exposure via the oral route. In absolute terms, over
   the time period from 1992 to 2014, the total AITL[C] is 383,456 TLU,
   whereas the total AITL[O] is 1,094,226 TLU, which is nearly three times
   greater than the AITL[C.] We found that three neonicotinoid insecticide
   active ingredients (imidacloprid, thiamethoxam, and clothianidin)
   combine to contribute 91.8 percent of the total AITL[O] of all
   insecticides in the US. As noted earlier, chlorpyrifos, which is the
   fifth most widely used insecticide active ingredient, contributed only
   1.4 percent of the total AITL[O] in the US from 1992–2014.

Limitations of the AITL method

   Pesticide use by pounds (kilograms) applied or acres treated does not
   provide a comprehensive estimate of toxicity loading to an ecosystem.
   Factors such as persistence, toxicity, application methods and timing,
   exposure routes, and mechanisms of dissipation from the application
   site all influence the net toxicity experienced by insects in the
   ecosystem. The data needed to do an analysis that incorporates all of
   these factors is largely unavailable.

   As noted previously, the AITL analysis does not account for trends in
   pesticide application in seed treatments nor does it quantify the
   actual or estimated exposure dose of an insecticide after seed
   treatment. In a risk-based approach, omitting these factors may result
   in an overestimation of hazard potential to pollinators and other
   non-target species from exposure to insecticides applied as seed
   treatments. Therefore, a more refined approach would be required to
   estimate actual hazard impacts from seed treatments, in particular for
   the use of neonicotinoids. This level of refinement is difficult but it
   would provide a more accurate assessment of the impact of these
   insecticides on US agricultural land and surrounding areas.
   Furthermore, other factors that contribute to toxicity loading, such as
   the application method and the change in the types of application
   methods used over time, were not evaluated in this analysis. Different
   pesticide application methods (e.g., spray, soil drench, granules,
   coated seeds) result in different exposure potential for aquatic versus
   terrestrial ecosystems, which is not assessed in this analysis. Because
   our analysis does not account for the timing of insecticide
   application, the AITL does not identify “peaks” and “ebbs” in toxicity
   over time relative to the exact time and mode of application. Instead,
   our analysis assumes a steady state from one application to another.
   This simplifying assumption does not affect comparisons of insecticide
   toxicity loading from year-to-year but it does diminish the method’s
   ability to identify specific time periods when toxicity loading might
   be the most damaging to the ecosystem in US agricultural land and
   surrounding areas.

   As is, on the one hand the AITL analysis likely overestimates acute
   toxicity hazard to pollinators and other beneficial insects because of
   the simplifying assumptions used. On the other hand, the AITL analysis
   likely underestimates actual toxicity hazard because it does not
   account for sublethal effects, movement of pesticides offsite, or
   potential synergistic impacts of pesticides used in combination in the
   field. Nevertheless, as a screening tool, the results of an AITL can
   assist regulators in identifying chemicals of concern for further
   evaluation.

Other toxicity concerns

Sublethal toxicity.

   We were limited to using acute lethal toxicity (LD[50]) as an endpoint
   in our AITL analysis because sublethal toxicity studies of pesticides
   in honey bees are currently not required for registration in the US,
   although US EPA has published guidance [48]. Therefore, the LD[50]
   dataset on honey bees is the only insect toxicity data available for a
   large number of pesticides registered for use in the US, which allowed
   us to compare historical trends for all relevant insecticide classes.
   Lethality is at the extreme end of the toxicity spectrum and using
   mortality as the endpoint for the AITL analysis or for risk assessment
   is a blunt instrument for evaluating the impact of pesticides on the
   ecosystem. Because actual toxicity risks to pollinators and other
   non-target species would be higher using sublethal toxicity doses, the
   impacts of pesticides on beneficial insect populations and other
   non-target species is underestimated when limited to using lethal
   doses.

   The AITL analysis can be modified for the input of sublethal toxicity
   doses when data exist. For some of the neonicotinoids, the dataset for
   sublethal effects is adequate to allow for a comparison of the toxic
   effects of these insecticides at high dose levels to the more sensitive
   sublethal effects at lower doses. However, the availability of a robust
   database for pesticide active ingredients is the exception, not the
   rule. Very few studies are available regarding the sublethal effects of
   organophosphorus, carbamate, and organochlorine pesticides on insects,
   so it is difficult to do a comparative analysis with these chemicals.

   In the case of honey bees, reported sublethal effects from
   neonicotinoid exposure in laboratory and field studies include impaired
   reproduction, altered immune function, inability to navigate
   effectively, and behavioral changes in essential colony activities
   leading to decreased colony health and survival [4]. We present a
   listing of sublethal toxicity values (in units of ng/bee) taken from
   representative laboratory and field studies in the published literature
   of neonicotinoids in honey bees in the supporting materials that
   accompany this paper (S2 Appendix). The dose levels reported for
   lethality (LD[50]) when compared to the lowest observed effect
   concentration (LOEC) for sublethal toxicity are noticeably higher
   (Table 3). For imidacloprid, the most heavily used of this class of
   insecticides, the lethal dose for the oral route is 37 times the
   sublethal LOEC and for contact toxicity the lethal dose is 320 times
   the sublethal LOEC. In addition, imidacloprid is also one of the more
   environmentally persistent pesticide active ingredients used today,
   enhancing the potential for sublethal exposures.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Comparison of honey bee LD50’s with sublethal lowest observed
   effect concentrations (LOEC) for neonicotinoids and related compounds.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.t003

   The results of an insecticide toxicity loading analysis of sublethal
   toxicity would likely demonstrate that the absolute sublethal TLU for
   the neonicotinoids would be noticeably higher than the AITL, indicating
   a greater overall toxicity loading on agricultural land and surrounding
   areas when compared to the acute TLU calculated from using the LD[50]
   values. The relative toxicity loading contribution of the different
   neonicotinoids might also change, although it would be difficult to
   predict the outcome without doing the calculations. When sublethal
   toxicity data exist, the calculation of the toxicity loading using
   these values rather than LD[50]s would be informative.

Pesticide movement offsite.

   One of the limitations of our AITL analysis is that, while we account
   for total pesticides applied to agricultural land using pesticide use
   estimates published by USGS (see Methods), we cannot quantify
   insecticide toxicity loading in the impact zone beyond the boundaries
   of agricultural land or indeed the greater likelihood of in-field
   exposure to highly systemic and persistent insecticides such as
   neonicotinoids. This omission will tend to underestimate the toxicity
   loading of pesticides on land surrounding agricultural fields and in
   surface water and other waterways distal to the fields. Including
   persistence in this evaluation of overall toxicity is important because
   persistent pesticides have a greater potential and tendency to move
   offsite unchanged into surrounding fields, land, surface water, and
   other waterways outside of the agricultural fields where they are
   directly applied [12, 49].

   Insects in an ecosystem can be exposed to insecticides through a number
   of different routes. Pesticides run off into surface waters with
   precipitation or irrigation, leach into groundwater, and drift as dusts
   or on soil particulates from the application site in the air, affecting
   insects both on and near the application site. Direct insecticide
   application exposes insects on the crop being treated as well as those
   in near-field vegetation [50] waterways [16, 17], and pooled surface
   water [51]. Soil-borne larvae or adult insects can be exposed through
   direct sprays, granular or soil-drench applications, or through
   migration of residues remaining in the soil from the planting of coated
   seeds. Insects consuming pollen or nectar, or sucking or chewing
   insects consuming plants both on and near the application site are
   exposed through oral consumption. Aquatic species living a substantial
   distance from the application site can be exposed through drift and
   runoff from treated fields that contaminates waterways [52].

   While the toxic effects of an insecticide are highest at the
   application site where the concentrations are highest, dissipation
   pathways such as irrigation or rainwater runoff to surface waters can
   carry toxicologically significant amounts of pesticides into waterways.
   For example, surface water contamination has been shown to negatively
   impact beneficial insects and other non-target species [14, 53].
   Because the neonicotinoid insecticides are highly water soluble and
   persistent, their potential for off-site impacts on aquatic organisms
   is high.

   Pesticides in airborne field dust, which is generated during and
   shortly after application to agricultural fields, also presents a
   potentially important source of exposure to beneficial insects. In
   particular, neonicotinoid-treated seeds (e.g., soybean) contain high
   concentrations of neonicotinoids, which when mixed with field dust, can
   move offsite in the air depositing on surrounding land, flowers, and
   other vegetation potentially exposing pollinators and other non-target
   insects [52, 54, 55]. Additionally, soils in fields treated with long
   half-life insecticides year after year may increase in toxicity over
   time, as the insecticide accumulates in the soil [56].

Synergistic effects.

   This analysis is also limited by the fact that virtually all
   environmental toxicology data on pesticide active ingredients are for a
   single chemical only and not for a combination of chemicals. However,
   pesticide products applied to agricultural fields in the US are
   frequently used in combination with other products and chemicals with
   the potential for concurrent and/or sequential exposure to more than
   one chemical on a regular basis. Furthermore, environmental exposures
   to chemicals occur via a variety of pathways (e.g., contact with
   wildflowers and other vegetation, water, soil, air, and bioaccumulation
   in the food chain), often with multiple exposure routes (e.g., oral and
   contact). Generally, beneficial insects such as honey bees are exposed
   to combinations of pesticide products when they contact pollen and
   nectar and other vegetation in the fields [57, 58].

   Combinations of active ingredients and other chemicals (the so-called
   “inerts”) in pesticide products have been measured in honey bees, hive
   wax, wildflowers, and pollen in the US and Europe [59–63]. From these
   and other studies it has been shown that mixtures of neonicotinoids in
   combination with a broad range of other pesticide active ingredients
   and other chemicals have been reported in bees, beehive matrices
   (pollen, nectar, honey, wax), and food sources, in some cases with as
   many as 121 to 150 different chemicals. There is also growing evidence
   that mixtures of chemicals such as insecticides, interactions of bee
   pathogens and parasites, and combinations of these stressors can
   interact together in additive or in a synergistic manner to increase
   morbidity and mortality in bees [63–74].

   Generally, the outcome of mixing chemicals and/or biological agents
   together is nearly impossible to predict with the limitations in
   capability and throughput of the currently available toxicity testing
   methods. The lack of information and knowledge about the behavior and
   toxicity of chemical mixtures in biological systems is important to
   acknowledge, as is the specific impact of these synergistic
   relationships to overall bee and colony health as well as other
   beneficial insects and non-target species. The AITL assessment
   presented here is based on the chemical and toxicological properties of
   individual chemical active ingredients and does not account for
   chemical mixtures. Therefore, any interactions of chemicals in a
   mixture, beyond perhaps simple additivity, would be underrepresented in
   our estimates.

Conclusions

   Based on our analysis of the Acute Insecticide Toxicity Loading (AITL)
   of pesticides applied to US agricultural lands and surrounding areas
   from 1992 through 2014, using honey bees as an indicator species to
   assess toxicity to a wide range of terrestrial insects, we conclude:
    1. The toxicity loading of insecticides on agricultural land and
       surrounding areas has increased by approximately 50-fold over the
       last two decades producing both direct and indirect effects on
       associated ecosystems. Although current-use pesticides are applied
       at lower application rates per acre, they are more toxic to insects
       and persist in the environment for up to several weeks or longer,
       thus creating a persistent toxicity load in plants, soils, and
       surface waters that is substantially higher than that experienced
       by insects 20 or more years ago.
    2. The neonicotinoid insecticides, in particular imidacloprid,
       clothianidin, and thiamethoxam, are primarily responsible for this
       increased toxicity loading, accounting for 61percent (via contact
       toxicity) to 99 percent (via oral toxicity) of the total toxicity
       loading of all insecticides in 2014. Oral exposures appear to be of
       greater concern because of the relatively higher toxicity (i.e. low
       LD[50]s) and greater likelihood for exposure from residues in
       pollen, nectar, guttation water, and other environmental media.
       However, because the AITL does not incorporate quantified
       exposures, a statistical comparison of toxicity loading via
       different exposures routes is beyond the scope of this paper.
    3. The crops most responsible for the increase in AITL are corn and
       soybeans, with particularly large increases in relative soybean
       contributions to AITL between 2010 and 2014.
    4. The total oral AITL of all insecticides applied over the 23-year
       period is an order of magnitude greater than the total contact
       AITL.
    5. This increase in toxicity loading is consistent with the reduction
       in beneficial insect and insectivorous bird populations observed in
       recent years. However, a more refined analysis of risk, including
       quantified exposures and factoring of application methods would be
       required to demonstrate a clear association.
    6. The introduction and increased use of the neonicotinoids in the
       late 1990s appears to be an example, in hindsight, of a regrettable
       substitution that might have been avoided had proper predictive
       analytical tools been available and applied prior to the approval
       of the registration of these pesticide products.
    7. FIFRA mandates that an applicant for the registration (licensing)
       of a new pesticide product must show that the use of a pesticide as
       specified “will not generally cause unreasonable adverse effects on
       the environment” [75]. Based on our screening level analysis of
       toxicity loading of insecticides on US agricultural land and
       surrounding areas, it is our scientific opinion that existing
       regulations for the registration of new pesticide active
       ingredients in the US are not yet adequate to effectively prevent
       the introduction of new chemicals that are detrimental to
       beneficial insect species such as the pollinators and other
       non-target species.
    8. Using methodology such as the AITL screening analysis early in the
       registration process of new active ingredients or in approving new
       agricultural uses would provide useful metrics with which to
       predict catastrophic harm to the environment resulting from the
       application of chemical pesticides on agricultural land. Expansion
       of the testing requirement to include sublethal toxicity testing in
       honey bees (or other surrogate arthropods) would provide a more
       refined estimate of the true risk of the introduction of new
       pesticide chemicals. Furthermore, implementation of a comprehensive
       surveillance and use reporting system for pesticides that have the
       potential to disrupt the ecosystems on agricultural lands and
       surrounding areas, including pesticide use as seed coatings would
       additionally enhance regulators’ abilities to assess and prevent
       potential adverse effects before ecosystems are damaged.

Supporting information

S1 Appendix. Environmental half-lives and LD50 values used in AITL
assessment.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.s001

   (PDF)

S2 Appendix. Representative lowest observed effect concentrations (LOEC) for
neonicotinoid sublethal toxicity in honey bees.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0220029.s002

   (PDF)

Acknowledgments

   We thank Lisa Archer, Tiffany Finck-Haynes, Aimee Code, and Jennifer
   Sass for their valuable consultation and timely review of the
   manuscript.

References

    1. 1. Lundgren JG, Fausti SW. Trading biodiversity for pest problems.
       Sci Adv. 2015;1(6):e1500558. Available from:
       https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26601223. pmid:26601223
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Turnbull L, Hector A. Applied ecology: how to get even with
       pests. Nature 2010;466(7302):36–7. Available from:
       https://doi.org/10.5167/uzh-35625. pmid:20596003
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Gibbons D, Morrissey C, Mineau P. A review of the direct and
       indirect effects of neonicotinoids and fipronil on vertebrate
       wildlife. Environ Sci Pollut Res. 2015;22(1):103–18. Available
       from: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11356-014-3180-5.
       pmid:24938819
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Alkassab A, Kirchner W. Sublethal exposure to neonicotinoids and
       related side effects on insect pollinators: honeybees, bumblebees,
       and solitary bees. J Plant Dis Prot. 2017;124:1–30.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Baker N. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use, pesticide
       use maps. USGS Pesticide National Synthesis Project. 2017;Sep 11.
       Available from:
       https://water.usgs.gov/nawqa/pnsp/usage/maps/compound_listing.php.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Baker N, Stone W. Estimated Annual Agricultural Pesticide Use
       for Counties of the Conterminous United States, 2008–12. US
       Geological Survey Data Series 907. 2015. Available from:
       http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/0907/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Stone W. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use for
       counties of the conterminous United States, 1992–2009: 2013; U.S.
       Geological Survey Data Series 752. Available from:
       http://pubs.usgs.gov/ds/752/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Dorsey J, Fekete G, Fong A, Harris J. Measuring the impact of
       the food quality protection act: challenges and opportunities.
       Evaluation report. Office of Inspector General. August 1, 2006.
       Report No. 2006-P-00028. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-11/…/20060801-2006-
       p-00028.pdf.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. CDPR. 2015 Status report, Pesticide Contamination Prevention
       Act. California Environmental Protection Agency, Department of
       Pesticide Regulation, Environmental Monitoring Branch, Sacramento,
       California. Available from:
       http://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/emon/pubs/ehapreps.htm?filter=grndwater
       .
   10. 10. Lewis K, Tzilivakis J, Warner D, Green A. An international
       database for pesticide risk assessments and management. Human and
       Ecological Risk Assessment: An International Journal. 2016;22
       (4):1050–64.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Moffat C, Buckland ST, Samson AJ, McArthur R, Chamosa Pino V,
       Bollan KA, et al. Neonicotinoids target distinct nicotinic
       acetylcholine receptors and neurons, leading to differential risks
       to bumblebees. Sci Rep. 2016;6:24764. pmid:27124107
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Bonmatin JM, Giorio C, Girolami V, Goulson D, Kreutzweiser DP,
       Krupke C, et al. Environmental fate and exposure; neonicotinoids
       and fipronil. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2015;22(1):35–67.
       pmid:25096486
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Kaplan M, Karaoglu O, Eroglu N, Silici S. Fatty Acid and
       Proximate Composition of Bee Bread. Food Technol Biotechnol.
       2016;54(4):497–504. pmid:28115909
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Hallmann C, Foppen R, van Turnhout C, de Kroon H, Jongejans E.
       Declines in insectivorous birds are associated with high
       neonicotinoid concentrations. Nature. 2014;511:341–3. pmid:25030173
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Millot F, Decors A, Mastain O, Quintaine T, Berny P, Vey D, et
       al. Field evidence of bird poisonings by imidacloprid-treated
       seeds: a review of incidents reported by the French SAGIR network
       from 1995 to 2014. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2017;24(6):5469–85.
       pmid:28028702
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Hladik M, Kolpin D, Kuivila K. Widespread occurrence of
       neonicotinoid insecticides in streams in a high corn and soybean
       producing region, USA. Environ Pollut. 2014;193:189–96.
       pmid:25042208
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Morrissey C, Mineau P, Devries J, Sanchez-Bayo F, Liess M,
       Cavallaro M, et al. Neonicotinoid contamination of global surface
       waters and associated risk to aquatic invertebrates: A review.
       Environ Int. 2015;74:291–303. pmid:25454246
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Seagraves M, Lundgren J. Effects of neonicotinoid seed
       treatments on soybean aphid and its natural enemies. J Pest Sci.
       2011;85:125–32.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Costamagna A, Landis D. Predators exert top-down control of
       soybean aphid across a gradient of agricultural management systems.
       Ecol Appl. 2006;16:1619–28. pmid:16937822
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Hopwood J, Black S, Vaughan M, Lee-Mader E. Beyond the birds
       and the bees: Effects of neonicotinoid insecticides on
       agriculturally important beneficial invertebrates. The Xerces
       Society for Invertebrate Conservation. 2013. Available from:
       http://www.xerces.org/beyond-the-birds-and-the-bees/.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Douglas M, Rohr J, JF T. Neonicotinoid insecticide travels
       through a soil food chain, disrupting biological control of
       non-target pests and decreasing soya bean yield. J Appl Ecol.
       2015;52:250–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. USDA. 2012 census of agriculture, United States summary and
       state data. United States Department of Agriculture. 2014; May.
       Available from: https://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/.
   23. 23. Arena M, Sgolastra F. A meta-analysis comparing the sensitivity
       of bees to pesticides. Ecotoxicology. 2014;23(3):324–34.
       pmid:24435220
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Heard MS, Baas J, Dorne JL, Lahive E, Robinson AG, Rortais A,
       et al. Comparative toxicity of pesticides and environmental
       contaminants in bees: Are honey bees a useful proxy for wild bee
       species? Sci Total Environ. 2017;578:357–65. pmid:27847190
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Sanchez-Bayo F, Goka K. Pesticide residues and bees—a risk
       assessment. PLoS One. 2014;9(4):e94482. pmid:24718419
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. US EPA. Pesticide Registration Manual. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-registration/pesticide-registration-m
       anual. Accessed May 23, 2018. In: Agency UEP, editor.
   27. 27. Goulson D, Thompson J, Croombs A. Rapid rise in toxic load for
       bees revealed by analysis of pesticide use in Great Britain. PeerJ.
       2018;6:e5255. pmid:30038870; PubMed Central PMCID: PMC6054864.
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. US EPA. Fact sheet: clothianidin. US Environmental Protection
       Agency. EPA Publication 7501C. Available from:
       https://www3.epa.gov/pesticides/chem_search/reg_actions/registratio
       n/fs_PC-044309_30-May-03.pdf.
   29. 29. Byrne FJ, Visscher PK, Leimkuehler B, Fischer D,
       Grafton-Cardwell EE, Morse JG. Determination of exposure levels of
       honey bees foraging on flowers of mature citrus trees previously
       treated with imidacloprid. Pest Manag Sci. 2014;70(3):470–82.
       pmid:23788449
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Hopwood J, Code A, Vaughan M, Biddinger D, Shepherd M, Black S,
       et al. How neonicotinoids can kill bees: The science behind the
       role these insecticides play in harming bees. Second edition
       revised and expanded. The Xerces Society for Invertebrate
       Conservation. Available from:
       https://xerces.org/neonicotinoids-and-bees/. 2016.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Gustafson D, Bradshaw-Pierce E. Fundamental Concepts in
       Clinical Pharmacology. Principles of Anticancer Drug Development:
       Cancer Drug Discovery and Development. Springer, New York, NY2011.
   32. 32. US Government Publishing Office. Federal Register. Available
       from:
       https://wwwfederalregistergov/agencies/government-publishing-office
       .
   33. 33. Douglas M, Tooker J. Large-scale deployment of seed treatments
       has driven rapid increase in use of neonicotinoid insecticides and
       preemptive pest management in U.S. field crops. Environ Sci Technol
       2015;49(8):5088–97. pmid:25793443
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Gaspar AP, Marburger DA, Mourtzinis S, Conley SP. Soybean seed
       yield response to multiple seed treatment components across diverse
       environments. Agron J 2014;106(6):1955–62.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. European Union. Thiamethoxam Product-type 18 (Insecticides,
       acaricides and products to control other arthropods) assessment
       report. Directive 98/8/EC concerning the placing biocidal products
       on the market. September 21, 2012. Available from:
       https://circabc.europa.eu/sd/a/94c7a2fe-e407-411e-94cb-eadbb3823cd1
       /CA-Sept12-Doc%203%208a%20-%20AR%20Thiamethoxam%20PT18%20post%20SCB
       .pdf.
   36. 36. US EPA. Registration Review—Problem Formulation for the
       Ecological Risk and Drinking Water Exposure Assessments for
       Tebupirimphos 2009; 2009;Apr 22. (PC Code 129086); D360013. Docket
       # EPA-HQ-OPP-2008-0940-0005. Available from:
       https://www.regulations.gov/document?D=EPA-HQ-OPP-2008-0940-0005.
   37. 37. University of Hertfordshire. The Pesticide Properties Data Base
       (PPDB). Developed by the Agriculture and Environment Research Unit,
       University of Hertfordshire. Version 2017; Nov 30. Available from:
       http://sitem.herts.ac.uk/aeru/ppdb/en/index.htm.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. US EPA. Guidance to Calculate Representative Half-life Values
       and Characterizing Pesticide Degradation. Available from:
       https://www.epa.gov/pesticide-science-and-assessing-pesticide-risks
       /guidance-calculate-representative-half-life-values. 2015.
   39. 39. Kurwadkar S, Evans A, DeWinne D, White P, Mitchell F. Modeling
       photodegradation kinetics of three systemic
       neonicotinoids-dinotefuran, imidacloprid, and thiamethoxam-in
       aqueous and soil environment. Environ Toxicol Chem.
       2016;35(7):1718–26. pmid:26660507
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Li Y, Li Y, Liu Y, Ward TJ. Photodegradation of clothianidin
       and thiamethoxam in agricultural soils. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int.
       2018;25(31):31318–25. pmid:30194578
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Mineau P, Callaghan C. Neonicotinoid insecticides and bats: an
       assessment of the direct and indirect risks. Canadian Wildlife
       Federation. Available from:
       http://cwf-fcf.org/assets/reports/1809-014-Bats-and-Neonics-Report-
       high_rez.pdf?src=bats. 2018.
   42. 42. US EPA. Fipronil; Product Cancellation Order and Amendment to
       Terminate Uses. Federal Register, Volume 75 (No. 22), Wednesday,
       February 3, 2010, Page 5584. Available from:
       https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2010/02/03/2010-2147/fipr
       onil-product-cancellation-order-and-amendment-to-terminate-uses.
   43. 43. Goulson D, Nicholls E, Botias C, Rotheray EL. Bee declines
       driven by combined stress from parasites, pesticides, and lack of
       flowers. Science. 2015;347(6229):1255957. pmid:25721506
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Aizen MA, Garibaldi LA, Cunningham SA, Klein AM. How much does
       agriculture depend on pollinators? Lessons from long-term trends in
       crop production. Ann Bot. 2009;103(9):1579–88. pmid:19339297
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Le Conte Y, Navajas . Climate change: Impact on honey bee
       populations and diseases. 2008; 27(2):485–97. pmid:18819674
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. NPIC. Imidacloprid Technical Fact Sheet. National Pesticide
       Information Center. Available from:
       http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/archive/imidacloprid.html 2011.
   47. 47. Federal Register. Imidacloprid; tolerances for residues.
       Volume: 26, Title: 40. Section 180.472. Code of Federal
       Regulations. Available from:
       https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/CFR-2018-title40-vol26/xml/CFR-
       2018-title40-vol26-sec180-472.xml. 2018.
   48. 48. US EPA. Process for Requiring Exposure and Effects Testing for
       Assessing Risks to Bees during Registration and Registration Review
       US EPA Office of Pesticide Programs, 2016. Available fom:
       https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2016-08/documents/bee_gu
       idance.pdf.
   49. 49. Wood TJ, Goulson D. The environmental risks of neonicotinoid
       pesticides: a review of the evidence post 2013. Environ Sci Pollut
       Res Int. 2017;24(21):17285–325. pmid:28593544
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Mogren CL, Lundgren JG. Neonicotinoid-contaminated pollinator
       strips adjacent to cropland reduce honey bee nutritional status.
       Sci Rep. 2016;6:29608. pmid:27412495
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Samson-Robert O, Labrie G, Chagnon M, Fournier V.
       Neonicotinoid-contaminated puddles of water represent a risk of
       intoxication for honey bees. PLoS One. 2014;9(12):e108443.
       pmid:25438051
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Nuyttens D, Devarrewaere W, Verboven P, Foque D.
       Pesticide-laden dust emission and drift from treated seeds during
       seed drilling: a review. Pest Manag Sci. 2013;69(5):564–75.
       pmid:23456984
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Van Dijk TC, Van Staalduinen MA, Van der Sluijs JP.
       Macro-invertebrate decline in surface water polluted with
       imidacloprid. PLoS One. 2013;8(5):e62374. pmid:23650513
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Krupke C, Hunt G, Eitzer B, Andino G, Given K. Multiple routes
       of pesticide exposure for honey bees living near agricultural
       fields. PLoS ONE. 2012;7(1):e29268. pmid:22235278
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Stewart SD, Lorenz GM, Catchot AL, Gore J, Cook D, Skinner J,
       et al. Potential exposure of pollinators to neonicotinoid
       insecticides from the use of insecticide seed treatments in the
       mid-southern United States. Environ Sci Technol.
       2014;48(16):9762–9. pmid:25010122
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   56. 56. Main AR, Headley JV, Peru KM, Michel NL, Cessna AJ, Morrissey
       CA. Widespread use and frequent detection of neonicotinoid
       insecticides in wetlands of Canada's Prairie Pothole Region. PLoS
       One. 2014;9(3):e92821. pmid:24671127
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Long EY, Krupke CH. Non-cultivated plants present a season-long
       route of pesticide exposure for honey bees. Nat Commun.
       2016;7:11629. pmid:27240870
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Johnson RM, Ellis MD, Mullin CA, Frazier M. Pesticides and
       Honey Bee Toxicity in the United States.: CRC Press-Taylor &
       Francis Group, Boca Raton.; 2012.
   59. 59. Mullin CA, Frazier M, Frazier JL, Ashcraft S, Simonds R,
       Vanengelsdorp D, et al. High levels of miticides and agrochemicals
       in North American apiaries: implications for honey bee health. PLoS
       One. 2010;5(3):e9754. pmid:20333298
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   60. 60. Lambert O, Piroux M, Puyo S, Thorin C, L'Hostis M, Wiest L, et
       al. Widespread occurrence of chemical residues in beehive matrices
       from apiaries located in different landscapes of Western France.
       PLoS One. 2013;8(6):e67007. pmid:23799139
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. David A, Botias C, Abdul-Sada A, Nicholls E, Rotheray EL, Hill
       EM, et al. Widespread contamination of wildflower and bee-collected
       pollen with complex mixtures of neonicotinoids and fungicides
       commonly applied to crops. Environ Int. 2016;88:169–78.
       pmid:26760714
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   62. 62. Mullin CA, Chen J, Fine JD, Frazier MT, Frazier JL. The
       formulation makes the honey bee poison. Pestic Biochem Physiol.
       2015;120:27–35. pmid:25987217
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Zhu YC, Yao J, Adamczyk J, Luttrell R. Feeding toxicity and
       impact of imidacloprid formulation and mixtures with six
       representative pesticides at residue concentrations on honey bee
       physiology (Apis mellifera). PLoS One. 2017;12(6):e0178421.
       pmid:28591204
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Zhu W, Schmehl DR, Mullin CA, Frazier JL. Four common
       pesticides, their mixtures and a formulation solvent in the hive
       environment have high oral toxicity to honey bee larvae. PLoS One.
       2014;9(1):e77547. pmid:24416121
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Zhu YC, Yao J, Adamczyk J, Luttrell R. Synergistic toxicity and
       physiological impact of imidacloprid alone and binary mixtures with
       seven representative pesticides on honey bee (Apis mellifera). PLoS
       One. 2017;12(5):e0176837. pmid:28467462
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   66. 66. Johnson RM, Dahlgren L, Siegfried BD, Ellis MD. Acaricide,
       fungicide and drug interactions in honey bees (Apis mellifera).
       PLoS One. 2013;8(1):e54092. pmid:23382869
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   67. 67. Alaux C, Brunet JL, Dussaubat C, Mondet F, Tchamitchan S,
       Cousin M, et al. Interactions between Nosema microspores and a
       neonicotinoid weaken honeybees (Apis mellifera). Environ Microbiol.
       2010;12(3):774–82. pmid:20050872
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   68. 68. Vidau C, Diogon M, Aufauvre J, Fontbonne R, Vigues B, Brunet
       JL, et al. Exposure to sublethal doses of fipronil and thiacloprid
       highly increases mortality of honeybees previously infected by
       Nosema ceranae. PLoS One. 2011;6(6):e21550. pmid:21738706
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   69. 69. Aufauvre J, Biron DG, Vidau C, Fontbonne R, Roudel M, Diogon M,
       et al. Parasite-insecticide interactions: a case study of Nosema
       ceranae and fipronil synergy on honeybee. Sci Rep. 2012;2:326.
       pmid:22442753
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   70. 70. Doublet V, Labarussias M, de Miranda JR, Moritz RF, Paxton RJ.
       Bees under stress: sublethal doses of a neonicotinoid pesticide and
       pathogens interact to elevate honey bee mortality across the life
       cycle. Environ Microbiol. 2015;17(4):969–83. pmid:25611325
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   71. 71. Lopez JH, Krainer S, Engert A, Schuehly W, Riessberger-Galle U,
       Crailsheim K. Sublethal pesticide doses negatively affect survival
       and the cellular responses in American foulbrood-infected honeybee
       larvae. Sci Rep. 2017;7:40853. pmid:28145462
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   72. 72. Gill RJ, Ramos-Rodriguez O, Raine NE. Combined pesticide
       exposure severely affects individual- and colony-level traits in
       bees. Nature. 2012;491(7422):105–8. pmid:23086150
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   73. 73. Raimets R, Karise R, Mand M, Kaart T, Ponting S, Song J, et al.
       Synergistic interactions between a variety of insecticides and an
       ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor fungicide in dietary exposures of
       bumble bees (Bombus terrestris L.). Pest Manag Sci.
       2018;74(3):541–6. pmid:28991419
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   74. 74. Pettis JS, Lichtenberg EM, Andree M, Stitzinger J, Rose R,
       Vanengelsdorp D. Crop pollination exposes honey bees to pesticides
       which alters their susceptibility to the gut pathogen Nosema
       ceranae. PLoS One. 2013;8(7):e70182. pmid:23894612
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   75. 75. US EPA. Summary of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and
       Rodenticide Act. US Environmental Protection Agency. Available
       from:
       https://www.epa.gov/laws-regulations/summary-federal-insecticide-fu
       ngicide-and-rodenticide-act.

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Toxicity
       Is the Subject Area "Toxicity" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insecticides
       Is the Subject Area "Insecticides" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Pesticides
       Is the Subject Area "Pesticides" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Honey bees
       Is the Subject Area "Honey bees" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insect pests
       Is the Subject Area "Insect pests" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Agricultural land
       Is the Subject Area "Agricultural land" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Crops
       Is the Subject Area "Crops" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Oral administration
       Is the Subject Area "Oral administration" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio,
USA

     * Tyson Wepprich ,
       Roles Conceptualization, Formal analysis, Methodology,
       Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: tyson.wepprich@oregonstate.edu
       Affiliation Department of Botany and Plant Pathology, Oregon State
       University, Corvallis, Oregon, United States of America
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-6875-092X
       ⨯
     * Jeffrey R. Adrion,
       Roles Formal analysis, Methodology, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Institute of Ecology and Evolution, University of
       Oregon, Eugene, Oregon, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Leslie Ries,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Methodology, Writing –
       review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Biology, Georgetown University,
       Washington, D.C., United States of America
       ⨯
     * Jerome Wiedmann,
       Roles Data curation, Project administration, Writing – review &
       editing
       Affiliation The Ohio Lepidopterists, Columbus, Ohio, United States
       of America
       ⨯
     * Nick M. Haddad
       Roles Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft,
       Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Integrative Biology and W.K. Kellogg
       Biological Station, Michigan State University, Hickory Corners,
       Michigan, United States of America
       ⨯

Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio,
USA

     * Tyson Wepprich,
     * Jeffrey R. Adrion,
     * Leslie Ries,
     * Jerome Wiedmann,
     * Nick M. Haddad

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 9, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270
     * >> See the preprint

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Table 1
   Table 2
   Fig 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4
   Table 3
   Fig 5

Abstract

   Severe insect declines make headlines, but they are rarely based on
   systematic monitoring outside of Europe. We estimate the rate of change
   in total butterfly abundance and the population trends for 81 species
   using 21 years of systematic monitoring in Ohio, USA. Total abundance
   is declining at 2% per year, resulting in a cumulative 33% reduction in
   butterfly abundance. Three times as many species have negative
   population trends compared to positive trends. The rate of total
   decline and the proportion of species in decline mirror those
   documented in three comparable long-term European monitoring programs.
   Multiple environmental changes such as climate change, habitat
   degradation, and agricultural practices may contribute to these
   declines in Ohio and shift the makeup of the butterfly community by
   benefiting some species over others. Our analysis of life-history
   traits associated with population trends shows an impact of climate
   change, as species with northern distributions and fewer annual
   generations declined more rapidly. However, even common and invasive
   species associated with human-dominated landscapes are declining,
   suggesting widespread environmental causes for these trends. Declines
   in common species, although they may not be close to extinction, will
   have an outsized impact on the ecosystem services provided by insects.
   These results from the most extensive, systematic insect monitoring
   program in North America demonstrate an ongoing defaunation in
   butterflies that on an annual scale might be imperceptible, but
   cumulatively has reduced butterfly numbers by a third over 20 years.

   Citation: Wepprich T, Adrion JR, Ries L, Wiedmann J, Haddad NM (2019)
   Butterfly abundance declines over 20 years of systematic monitoring in
   Ohio, USA. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0216270.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270

   Editor: Jake Kerby, University of South Dakota, UNITED STATES

   Received: April 16, 2019; Accepted: June 17, 2019; Published: July 9,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Wepprich et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: Data and code to reproduce the analysis are
   available from Dryad (https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.cf78420). Raw data
   from the monitoring program are available from the North American
   Butterfly Monitoring Network (www.thebutterflynetwork.org) upon
   request.

   Funding: The authors received no specific funding for this work.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   Defaunation, or the drastic loss of animal species and declines in
   abundance, threatens to destabilize ecosystem functioning globally [1].
   In comparison to studies of vertebrate populations, monitoring of
   changes in insect diversity is more difficult and far less prevalent
   [2,3]. Despite this, a global analysis of long-term population trends
   across 452 species estimated that insect abundance had declined 45%
   over 40 years [1]. Recently, more extreme declines in insect biomass
   have been observed upon resampling after 2–4 decades [4,5]. Losses of
   total biomass or total abundance across all species may be more
   consequential than local declines in species diversity, as common
   insect species contribute the most to ecosystem services, such as
   pollination [6]. However, our knowledge of insect declines is skewed
   towards European monitoring programs, including in global analyses [1].
   In this study, we analyze long-term, region-wide trends in abundance
   across a diversity of species for an entire insect group in North
   America to examine the scope of insect defaunation.

   The best source of data to assess insect defaunation comes from
   large-scale, systematic monitoring programs of multiple species [3].
   Through these efforts, trained volunteers or citizen scientists have
   contributed much of the evidence for biotic responses to anthropogenic
   climate warming such as changes in insect phenology and range
   distributions [7,8]. Unlike citizen science reporting of opportunistic
   observations or species checklists, many insect monitoring programs use
   a systematic protocol developed specifically to track butterfly
   abundances through time, both within and between seasons, and over
   large spatial scales [9]. Pollard-based monitoring programs, modeled
   after the first nationwide Butterfly Monitoring Scheme launched in the
   United Kingdom in 1977 (UKBMS), use weekly standardized counts on fixed
   transects [10]. Their widespread adoption enables regional comparisons
   of insect responses to environmental change or defaunation [11,12]. We
   compare our analysis with exemplary long-term monitoring schemes from
   Europe to test if the rate of insect declines generalizes across
   continents.

   The best source of abundance data for assessment of chronic insect
   decline, and the most prominent source of data in [1], is within the
   butterflies. Due to the relative ease and popularity of monitoring
   butterflies, environmental assessments use them as an indicator taxa
   for the general trajectory of biodiversity, assuming that they
   experience comparable pressures from land-use change, climate change,
   and habitat degradation as other insect taxa [13–15]. Intensive
   long-term monitoring of individual butterfly species has provided
   rigorous, quantitative estimates of declines. Most prominently, the
   Eastern North American Monarch has declined by over 85% [16] and the
   Western North American Monarch by over 95% [17] over the past two
   decades. Severe declines have also been observed in some of the rarest
   butterflies [18,19]. These data from individual species of conservation
   concern may not represent a broader trend across butterflies, which is
   what we aim to document in this study.

   Volunteers, organized and trained by The Ohio Lepidopterists, have
   assembled the most extensive dataset of systematic butterfly counts
   that stands alone in North America in terms of the spatial extent and
   sampling frequency of Pollard walks [9]. Three other monitoring
   programs in the United States have documented long-term, multi-species
   population trends. In Massachusetts, based on species lists from field
   trips, climate-driven community shifts explain how the relative
   likelihood of species observations change over 18 years [20]. Shapiro
   and colleagues have made biweekly presence/absence observations and
   Pollard-based counts on 11 fixed transects along an elevational
   gradient in California over more than 45 years to document species
   richness changes in response to climate and land-use, increasing
   abundance at a high elevation site, and impacts of agricultural
   practices on abundance at low elevation sites [21,22]. Several teams
   have monitored declines in specialist butterflies restricted to native
   prairie patches in the Midwestern states with transect or timed survey
   methods over 26 years [23,24]. The growing number of Pollard-based
   monitoring programs in the United States [9] has the potential to track
   how widespread and consistent butterfly trends are across regions.

   Here, we used 21 years of weekly butterfly surveys across 104 sites to
   assess abundance trends for butterflies in Ohio. We estimate population
   trends for 81 species and test for their association with life-history
   traits and phylogenetic relatedness. We review findings from European
   butterfly monitoring schemes for quantitative comparison with the rate
   of abundance changes in Ohio. This analysis provides evidence of
   widespread insect defaunation and species’ declines from the most
   extensive, systematic monitoring program in North America.

Materials and methods

Study sites

   We studied butterfly population trends across the state of Ohio in the
   Midwestern USA. Over its 116,100 km^2 land area, Ohio has a mosaic of
   habitat types due to its partially glaciated history and its place at
   the confluence of Midwestern prairies, the Appalachian Mountains, and
   the boreal forest [25]. Only remnants of wetland and prairie habitat
   remain in the state due to human modification of the landscape. Some
   rare butterflies have declined due to forest succession following
   suppression of disturbances [26]. Agriculture and pastures (50%),
   forest (30%), and urban development (10%) are the predominant
   land-use/land cover classes [27].

   Monitoring sites have a Northeast to Southwest gradient in their mean
   annual temperatures (mean 18.8°C, range from 14.0°C to 23.6°C) from
   interpolated daily temperatures from Daymet over 1996–2016 [28]. Mean
   annual temperatures at these sites grew at a linear trend of 0.3°C per
   decade and growing season length has increased by 60 degree-days (base
   5°C) per decade from 1980–2016. Monitoring sites span the state but are
   concentrated near cities (Fig 1). On average, within a radius of 2
   kilometers, monitoring sites have 24% cropland and pasture, 34% forest,
   and 30% urban land-use based on the National Land Cover Dataset [29].
   Although not considered in this study, impervious surfaces from urban
   development influence temperature-dependent butterfly phenology in Ohio
   through the urban heat island effect, which may not be fully captured
   in these gridded temperature interpolations [30].
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Transect locations monitored by volunteers with the Ohio
   Lepidopterists.

   Of the 147 sites, this analysis used the 104 sites monitored for three
   or more years.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g001

Monitoring surveys

   Trained volunteers contributed 24,405 butterfly surveys from 1996 to
   2016 as part of the Ohio Lepidopterists Long-term Monitoring of
   Butterflies program. Volunteers surveyed on fixed paths at
   approximately weekly intervals during the entire growing season from
   April through October (median 23 of 30 weeks surveyed per year per
   site) and count every species within an approximate 5-meter buffer
   around the observer [10]. Surveys are constrained to times of good
   weather to increase the detectability of butterflies and last a mean 85
   minutes in duration. The annual number of monitored sites ranged from
   13 in 1996 to a maximum of 80 in 2012. We limited our analysis of
   abundance trends to the 104 sites with three or more years of
   monitoring data and 10 or more surveys per year at each site (Fig 1).
   We included observations of all sites with at least 5 surveys per year
   in phenology models that we used to interpolate missing counts before
   estimating abundance [31].

   All 102 species with population indices estimated by phenology models
   contributed to the total abundance analysis. We limited
   species-specific analysis to 81 species with sufficient population
   indices for estimating trends (present at five or more sites and for 10
   or more years). Species naming conventions in the monitoring program
   follow those used in [25,32] except for combining all observations of
   Celastrina ladon (Spring Azure) and Celastrina neglecta (Summer Azure)
   as an unresolved species complex.

Population indices

   We estimated population indices for each site x year x species by
   adapting methods established for the UKBMS that account for missing
   surveys and butterfly phenology over the season [31,33]. We used
   generalized additive models for each species to estimate variation in
   counts in order to interpolate missing surveys with model predictions
   [31,34]. To account for seasonal, spatial, and interannual variation in
   species phenology, we extended the regional generalized additive model
   approach (12, Supplement 1) by including spatially-explicit site
   locations and converting calendar dates of observations to degree-days
   [35], which can improve butterfly phenology predictions [36]. We
   calculated the population index by integrating over the weekly counts
   and missing survey interpolations using the trapezoid method [31].

Controlling for confounding factors

   We accounted for differences in sampling across sites and years so that
   our modeled trends would capture changes in abundance rather than
   changes in detection probability [37]. True abundance is confounded
   with detection probability when using counts from Pollard walks [38].
   Butterfly monitoring protocols that account for detection probability
   like distance sampling are commonly used for single-species studies
   [39], but untenable for scaling up to a regional program. Most analyses
   of Pollard walks assume no systematic change in detectability (but see
   [40]) because counts correlate closely with true abundance estimates
   from distance sampling [41,42]. We used two covariates to account for
   variation in sampling and its influence on population indices for each
   site x year [20,37,43]. We tracked the mean number of species reported
   in each survey, or list-length, which is a synthetic measure of factors
   influencing detectability such as weather conditions, site quality, and
   observer effort [20,44,45]. We treated the total duration of surveys in
   minutes as an offset in the models of population trends. Because we
   interpolated missing surveys for the population indices, we projected
   what the total duration would be if all 30 weeks had been surveyed at
   the mean duration reported for that site x year.

   Sampling across the state is nonrandom because participants choose
   transect locations, a common practice in volunteer-based monitoring
   programs. Since sites generally cluster near human population centers
   with a greater proportion of developed land-use and a lesser proportion
   of agriculture, we assumed that population trends at the 104 sites
   across the state sufficiently capture the broader statewide trends
   [37]. Comparisons between the UKBMS volunteer-placed transects and a
   broader survey with stratified, random sampling show congruence between
   species trends estimated from each monitoring strategy [46].

Population trends

   We used generalized linear mixed models to estimate temporal trends in
   relative abundance for 81 species from their population indices [47].
   We modeled population indices at each site and year as an
   over-dispersed Poisson random variable with covariates on the log-link
   scale. [journal.pone.0216270.e001] (1)

   We included the numeric year and mean list length for each population
   index as covariates, which were centered to aid in model fitting and
   interpretation [48]. We used the coefficient for year (β[2]) as the
   annual trend in population indices as our main result. We controlled
   for changes in sampling by using the total duration of surveys as a
   model offset, converting the dependent variable to a rate of
   butterflies counted per minute. Random effects of individual sites and
   years account for spatial and temporal variation in population counts
   deviating from the statewide trend. We accounted for over-dispersion in
   the Poisson-distributed counts with the random effect siteyearID for
   each unique observation [49]. We modeled trends in total abundance
   using the same modeling approach, but summed across 102 species’
   population indices for each site x year observation. We interpreted
   trends as an annual rate by taking the geometric mean rate of change
   between the predicted abundance between two points in time after
   setting the list-length covariate to its mean and excluding the random
   effects [47]. For comparisons with other monitoring programs, we used a
   p-value threshold of 0.05 to classify trends as positive, negative, or
   stable.

   Our approach is similar to that used by the UKBMS and other European
   monitoring programs which use generalized linear models in TRIM
   software [50]. One key difference is that our site and annual
   fluctuations from the temporal trend were derived from random effects
   rather than fixed effects, which reduces spurious detection of trends
   [43]. Another key difference is that TRIM does not allow for continuous
   covariates, which we used to account for sampling variation instead of
   assuming no confounding pattern in sampling effort. To validate that
   our modeling choices did not unreasonably influence the results, we
   used three alternative approaches: (1) a Poisson-based generalized
   linear model (Eq 1 without the random effect siteyearID); (2) a
   nonlinear generalized additive mixed model with a smoothing spline
   replacing the linear temporal trend [43]; and (3) a TRIM model with
   over-dispersion and serial temporal correlation but no sampling
   covariates or offsets [50]. We compared similarity in the total
   abundance trends, the correlation of species’ trends between model
   alternatives, and the classification of species’ trends as positive,
   stable, or negative.

Comparison with other studies

   We compare our findings to three European long-term, regional butterfly
   monitoring programs with systematic Pollard walks that publish regular
   updates on total abundance and species’ trends [40,51,52]. Although all
   programs analyzed counts with Poisson regression, we had to standardize
   them differently depending on the data available and their modeling
   approaches. The UKBMS reports total abundance indicators as the
   geometric mean of species trends from two groups: specialist and
   countryside species [51]. We used the reported smoothed annual index
   values for these indicators because the first year of monitoring is an
   outlier that exaggerates declines (UK Biodiversity Indicators 2018,
   http://jncc.defra.gov.uk/page-4236). We used the Dutch Butterfly
   Monitoring Scheme’s reported cumulative annual trend in total
   butterflies counted across all transects after correction for missing
   surveys [52]. For the Catalan Butterfly Monitoring Scheme, we extracted
   annual population indices from the 2015–2016 annual report [53] with
   WebPlotDigitizer 4.1 [54] and performed a Poisson regression over time
   with annual random effects to obtain a comparable abundance trend. We
   converted total abundance trends into annual percent rates for
   comparison. We tallied the increases and decreases in species’ trends
   for each region reported by the monitoring program, without accounting
   for differences in their statistical approaches.

Species’ traits

   To explore potential mechanisms that might explain species-level
   variation in abundance trends, we modeled the estimates of species’
   temporal trends (β[1]) as a response to life history traits [20,30]. Of
   the 81 species, we classified 14 as migratory species and 67 as
   year-round residents of Ohio. We analyzed traits models both across all
   species and after excluding migratory species, which would have
   population trends driven by factors outside of Ohio. We collected
   traits that relate to insect responses to climate change and habitat
   change, as these are two primary drivers of butterfly community changes
   [7,20,21].

   We tested if butterflies with traits making them more adaptive to a
   warming climate have more positive population trends. We compared
   species with different range distributions, assuming that species
   distributed in warmer, Southern regions would be more likely to
   increase in Ohio as the climate warms. We assigned species’ ranges as
   Southern, core, or Northern by range maps and county records [25,32].
   Voltinism, or the number of generations per year, increases in warmer
   years and warmer regions within many species in Ohio [55], compared
   with obligate univoltine species that do not adjust their lifecycle
   based on changing growing season length. We assigned voltinism observed
   in Ohio as univoltine, bivoltine, or multivoltine (3+ generations per
   year) based on visualization of phenology models and [25]. The life
   stage in which species overwinter, obtained from [25], contributes to
   its ability to respond to warming with shifts in phenology [20,56].

   We would expect more generalist species, in host plant requirements and
   habitat preferences, to have more positive population trends in a
   landscape heavily modified by human use [21,51]. For host plant
   requirements, we gathered two traits from the literature that describe
   host plant category (forb, graminoid, or woody) and whether the
   butterfly’s host plant requirements span multiple plant families or are
   limited to one plant family or genus [25]. Mean wing size from [32] was
   used as a surrogate of dispersal ability between habitats, which is
   expected to increase ability to access resources in a fragmented
   landscape. Three of the authors assigned species as wetland-dependent
   or human-disturbance tolerant species, which we aggregated into two
   binary variables to test if these specialist or generalist habitat
   preferences correlate with abundance trends.

   We used univariate linear models for each life history trait both for
   all 81 species and with the 14 migratory species excluded. To account
   for the phylogenetic relatedness and the non-independence across
   species, we also used phylogenetic generalized least squares models
   that estimated branch length transformations with Pagel’s lambda by
   maximum likelihood [57]. The phylogenetic models excluded three species
   without gene sequences available.

Phylogenetic tree

   We obtained coding sequences for the most widely used DNA barcoding
   locus, the mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase subunit I gene COI-5P,
   from GenBank [58]. For species not found in GenBank, we obtained coding
   sequences from The Barcode of Life Data System [59]. When possible, we
   obtained sequences from multiple sampling locations in North America.

   Owing to the relatively small size of our multiple-species
   alignment—i.e. a single mtDNA locus, 651 base pairs in length—we
   decided to take both a constrained and unconstrained maximum likelihood
   approach to estimate the genealogical relationships of our samples.
   Some of the species from our analysis, though not all, were recently
   used in a more comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of butterflies [60],
   thus prompting us to constrain the phylogenetic backbone of our tree
   using family-level relationships. We report details of our workflow in
   Supplement 1.

Statistical analysis

   We used R 3.5.2 for analysis [61] and share the data and our code on
   Dryad. We fit generalized additive models with the mgcv package [34],
   generalized linear mixed models with the lme4 package [62], generalized
   additive mixed models with the poptrend package [43], and phylogenetic
   generalized least squares models with the ape and caper packages
   [63,64]. Confidence intervals for the temporal trends were estimated
   with bootstrapped model fits with the merTools and poptrend packages
   [43,65]. For models of population trends, we estimated the goodness of
   fit with R^2 developed for generalized linear mixed models that give
   marginal and conditional R^2 values for the fixed effects and the fixed
   + random effects, respectively [66,67]. For trait models, we reported
   the adjusted R^2 values from the univariate models.

Results

   The statewide relative abundance summed across all species declined at
   an annual rate of 2.0% (β[1] = -0.020, std. err. 0.005, p < 0.001),
   accumulating a 33% decline over 1996–2016 (Table 1, Fig 2). Among
   population trends, more than three times as many species are declining
   than increasing in abundance at our threshold of p < 0.05 (32 versus 9,
   respectively) (Table 2, Fig 3 for migratory species and Fig 4 for
   resident species). Positive and negative species trends are distributed
   across the phylogenetic tree (Figure A in S1 Appendix).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Generalized linear mixed model of total abundance across all
   species.

   The natural logarithm of the total survey duration across the
   monitoring season was an offset in the model. The model’s marginal R^2
   was 0.20 for its fixed effects and its conditional R^2 was 0.61 when
   including variation in sites, years, and over-dispersion with random
   effects parameters.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t001
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Species’ abundance trends over time.

   Trends are the coefficient of year in our generalized linear mixed
   models with the accompanying standard error and p-value for the
   coefficient (Eq 1). We show the data available for each species’ model:
   total number of butterflies recorded for all years, number of sites,
   number of years, and the number of population indices calculated for
   each species for use in abundance model (Site x year).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t002
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. The statewide relative abundance of butterflies (all species
   aggregated) in Ohio declined by 33% over 1996–2016.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows the 95% confidence
   interval based on bootstrapped model fits for the temporal trend.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g002
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Statewide trends of 14 migratory species with annual variation.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows 95% confidence intervals
   based on bootstrapped model fits in the poptrend package [43] for the
   temporal trend and for the annual random effects. The first year’s
   estimate is set to a value of 1 as a baseline for relative population
   changes.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g003
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Statewide trends of 67 resident species with annual variation.

   Plotted are model predictions for each year based on the fixed effects
   of year (solid line) and annual random effects (dots) to show annual
   variation about the trend line. Shading shows 95% confidence intervals
   based on bootstrapped model fits in the poptrend package [43] for the
   temporal trend and for the annual random effects. The first year’s
   estimate is set to a value of 1 as a baseline for relative population
   changes.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g004

   Both in the total trend in abundance and in the proportion of species
   with declines, these results are similar to three European butterfly
   monitoring schemes (Table 3). Although the longer-running programs show
   larger cumulative declines, the annual rate of change in total
   abundance ranges from -2.0% to -2.6% for Ohio, Catalonia, and the
   Netherlands. The United Kingdom total abundance trends are split
   between generalist species (-0.8%) and specialist species (-2.4%).
   Across monitoring programs, declining species outnumber increasing
   species by a factor of two to three (Table 3).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 3. Comparison of this study’s results to European monitoring
   programs for rates of change in total abundance and classification of
   species trends as positive or negative.

   Number of sites represents those reported to contribute to the
   analysis, but may no longer be active. Number of butterflies counted
   per year is an approximation based on the most recent years of
   monitoring described in the references.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.t003

   In general, traits associated with species’ responses to climate were
   more important, based on the predictive ability (adjusted R^2) of
   univariate models, than traits associated with habitat and host plant
   restrictions (Fig 5, Tables A and B in S1 Appendix). Phylogenetic
   signal was included for most traits’ models, so we focus on the
   phylogenetic generalized least squares results. The Monarch (Danaus
   plexippus) was the only migratory species in decline, although the
   others had erratic annual fluctuations that make trend estimation
   difficult (Fig 3). Species with more northern geographic ranges were
   associated with more negative population trends. Univoltine species had
   more negative population trends than bivoltine or multivoltine species.
   Overwintering stage did not have a strong effect on trend. Species
   eating forb host plants had negative trends on average, but there was
   no effect of host plant specialization on population trends. Wing
   length, wetland habitat preference, or human-disturbed habitat
   preference were not associated with trends.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 5. Species’ traits are associated with variation in the statewide
   trends in abundance.

   We plot each species’ trend compared to the six most important traits
   for the 78 species included in the phylogenetic GLS models with full
   results in Table A in S1 Appendix. Squares represent the regression
   coefficients with 95% confidence intervals shown in lines. Dots show
   trend estimates for each species from Table 1 uncorrected for
   phylogeny, jittered for visualization.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.g005

   Our choice of modeling approach did not change the overall evidence of
   defaunation. Generalized linear mixed models with Poisson-distributed
   errors and generalized additive mixed models estimated declines in
   total abundance similar in magnitude at -1.83% and -2.13% annual rates,
   respectively. The annual trend estimate from TRIM, without sampling
   covariates, was half the magnitude at -0.87%. Species’ trends had high
   correlations between pairwise comparisons, but TRIM models estimated
   notably more positive trends compared to the other three approaches
   (Table C in S1 Appendix).

Discussion

   We show that the total butterfly abundance has declined by 33% over 20
   years in Ohio. This rate is faster than the global abundance trend
   estimated for Lepidoptera (35% over 40 years) and corresponds more
   closely to the steeper declines (45% over 40 years) estimated for all
   insects [1]. The Ohio butterfly monitoring program, judged by the
   weekly frequency, 20-year time period, and statewide spatial extent of
   its surveys, is the most extensive systematic insect survey in North
   America and comparable to three exemplary European butterfly monitoring
   schemes. The annualized 2% rate of decline in this study aligns closely
   with trends from European butterfly monitoring, confirming the decline
   of the most closely monitored group of insects in both Europe and North
   America (Table 3). With less known about other insect taxa, butterflies
   provide a necessary, if imperfect, surrogate to understand the
   trajectory and potential mechanisms behind broader insect trends [13].
   Extensive in both time and space, the decline in butterfly abundance
   reported here is the best estimate for the current rate of insect
   defaunation in North America.

   The proportion of butterfly species with population declines compared
   to population increases is similar between Ohio (negative trends three
   times more numerous) and European studies (negative trends 2–3 times
   more numerous) (Table 3). In other taxa, moths in the United Kingdom
   show a similar proportion of species declines [68]. Long-term
   monitoring in protected areas, although less extensive in space, shows
   more positive species trends for moths in Finland (at 67.7° latitude)
   and across pollinators in Spain (at 850–1750 m. elevations) [69,70].
   These counterexamples show how insect communities may shift at
   high-latitude or high-elevation sites with anthropogenic climate
   warming [21] or may persist in more remote areas. However, butterfly
   monitoring in populated areas show a consistency in observed declines
   (Table 3) that we argue would generalize to other landscapes dominated
   by human use.

   We demonstrate abundance declines in species that are generalist,
   widespread, and not considered vulnerable to extinction [25,71].
   Although few may share concern for the most widespread, invasive
   butterfly in the world’s agricultural and urban settings [72], declines
   in Pieris rapae could be indicative of persistent environmental
   stressors that would affect other species as well. Generalist species
   that exploit human-disturbed habitat with annual rates of decline of
   more than 5% include Lycaena phlaeas, Thymelicus lineola (non-native),
   Cercyonis pegala, and Colias eurytheme (Table 2, Fig 4). We would
   expect negative environmental changes to disproportionately affect rare
   species prone to the demographic dangers of small populations or
   specialist species that rely on a narrow range of resources or habitat
   (UKBMS in Table 3, [24]). This pattern of species declines would lead
   to biotic homogenization as rarer species are lost and common,
   disturbance-tolerant species remain [73,74]. However, our study adds
   another example of declines in common butterfly species thought to be
   well-suited to human-modified habitat [11,21,75].

   The Eastern North American migratory Monarch (Danaus plexippus)
   abundance in Ohio is declining by 7% per year. The Monarch is the only
   declining migratory species out of 14 in our analysis. Despite
   disagreements about whether summer abundance trends have tracked winter
   colony declines [76,77], our study shows that the long-term trends
   correspond. However, our study’s first two years have very high Monarch
   population indices which could be outliers (Fig 3) following the two
   largest recorded winter population counts [16,78]. With these two years
   removed, the statewide Monarch trend is a 4% decline per year, showing
   that the magnitude of summer abundance trends are sensitive to the
   years of data included. Our results align with a study using Illinois
   systematic monitoring data that shows a summer abundance decline for
   monarchs over two decades, but only during the period from 1994–2003,
   not from 2004–2013 [79]. A more recent study showed no decline during
   the summer during 2004–2016 using a population index from NABA counts
   [78]. The trend we document comes from the sum of multiple summer
   breeding generations and fall migratory butterflies returning to
   Mexico; estimates of abundance for these separate generations may be
   required to model how different stages of the lifecycle contribute to
   the long-term decline in the winter colonies [78].

   Our statewide analysis has potential limitations when used to evaluate
   individual species for potential conservation interventions or
   forecasts of population trajectories. Even with systematic monitoring,
   accurate estimates of insect abundance are missing from many species—a
   fifth of regularly observed species in Ohio did not meet our minimum
   data requirements to for us to estimate trends. None of these species
   are considered to be of conservation concern, but this also means that
   we would be limited in our ability to determine if their populations
   have reached threatened status. Targeted surveys of selected species,
   non-adult life stages, or rarely-sampled habitats can expand the
   monitoring to data-deficient species commonly excluded by protocols
   designed to monitor many species efficiently [51] and can be used to
   estimate demographic responses to environmental drivers not apparent
   from adult butterfly counts [80]. Additional targeted species
   assessments could inform how worried we should be about the extreme
   population declines estimated for species observed at fewer than 10
   monitoring sites (Table 2). However, more data and more complex
   population models may not always lead to accurate predictions for
   insect population trajectories [81]. Rather than recommending other
   systematic monitoring programs accumulate decades of data before
   assessing insect declines, we would advocate sharing data across
   regional programs to increase statistical power, as in [11], and
   integrating systematic monitoring with historical records and
   opportunistic observations to assess insect vulnerability more rapidly
   by using all potential sources of data [82,83].

   Insect declines have multifaceted causes, and the relative impact of
   these causes is still unknown [84]. Although analysis of the causes of
   site differences in abundance or species trends is beyond the scope of
   this study, we discuss three environmental drivers commonly associated
   with global insect declines: habitat loss and fragmentation, climate
   change, and agricultural intensification [84,85]. If species’ traits
   are associated with population trends, then their relationships may
   suggest which environmental changes affect population responses in
   species sharing these traits [47,84,86]. In this study, life-history
   traits were weakly predictive of population trends, but their
   associations provide hypotheses that could be tested further [47].

Habitat loss and fragmentation

   In Ohio, habitat loss and fragmentation plateaued well before butterfly
   monitoring started, with human population growth slowing by 1970. In
   common with other Midwestern states, Ohio had already lost tallgrass
   prairie species, such as the Regal Fritillary (Speyeria idalia), due to
   habitat conversion to agriculture [25,26]. Land-use has changed slowly
   over the course of the monitoring program; fewer than 10% of monitoring
   sites have had more than 2.5% change in the surrounding (2-km radius)
   developed, agriculture, or forest land cover from 2001–2011 [29]. The
   persistence of butterfly populations in a landscape of habitat
   fragments are mediated by species’ traits that permit them to either
   move between more isolated resources or persist in smaller, localized
   populations [85,87]. Wing size is one life history trait associated
   with dispersal ability, but it had no association with species’
   population trends (Tables A and B in S1 Appendix). However, defining
   habitat patches by land-use classes overlooks how mobile insect
   populations are bound by resources, varying across the lifecycle,
   rather than area [88,89]. Although there has been little wholesale
   habitat conversion around our study transects, degradation of the
   remaining habitat could be a cause of the general decline in butterfly
   abundance.

Climate change

   Species trends are associated with two life-history traits, voltinism
   and range distribution, which suggest that the butterfly community is
   changing with the warming climate. Species that only complete one
   annual generation, or univoltine species, had more negative abundance
   trends. This aligns with obligate univoltine species becoming less
   common in Massachusetts [20], but is the opposite of the findings in
   Spain where multivoltine species are in steeper declines with exposure
   to increasingly dry summers [40]. Multivoltine species may be more
   adaptive to annual and spatial variation in growing season length as
   many have plasticity in the voltinism observed within Ohio [25]. For
   many species with flexible voltinism in Ohio, adding an extra
   generation in warmer summers increases their annual population growth
   rates [55]. Northern-distributed species have more negative population
   trends compared to widely distributed or southern species. This
   corresponds with findings from Massachusetts and Europe that
   warm-adapted species are replacing cool-adapted species as range
   distributions shift [20,90]. Even though these two traits should
   increase abundance for some species as the climate warms, it has not
   been enough to prevent the overall decline in butterfly abundance.

Agricultural intensification

   Cropland and pasture make up half of Ohio’s land area, so we would
   expect agricultural practices to affect statewide insect abundance. One
   assessment of pollinator habitat suitability based on land-use,
   conservation reserve program acreage, and crop type estimated an
   increase in resources in Ohio from 1982 through 2002, followed by a
   stable trend [91]. However, agricultural practices can decrease insect
   abundance with systemic insecticides, herbicide use on host plants or
   nectar resources, and nitrogen fertilization that alters the
   composition of surrounding plant communities.

   In Ohio, the use of neonicotinoids rapidly increased after 2004 when
   they became widely used on corn and soybeans [92,93]. The mechanistic
   link between neonicotinoid insecticides and insect declines is
   established and observational studies have shown widespread impacts of
   their use [94–96]. Even though seed-coatings with neonicotinoids reduce
   broadcast spraying, the mechanical planting of these seeds exposes
   widespread areas around farms to contaminated dust that exposes
   non-target plants and insects to biologically-relevant concentrations
   [97,98]. In the United Kingdom and California, neonicotinoids are
   associated with butterfly declines [22,99] and hinder butterfly larval
   development on host plants [100]. We did not design this study to test
   whether neonicotinoids affect butterfly abundance in Ohio. However, the
   observed declines across common and generalist species, which we
   otherwise would expect to exploit an agricultural or human-altered
   landscape, would be consistent with widespread exposure to
   insecticides.

   Species that eat forbs as larvae have negative population trends (Fig
   5). Both herbicide use and nitrogen deposition may alter plant
   communities to favor grasses over forbs [101]. In Ohio, glyphosate use
   has increased linearly, and is now applied at 6 times the rate it was
   in 1996 [92,93]. Milkweed losses, attributed to increased glyphosate
   use in the Midwest, contribute to declines in Monarch butterfly
   abundance [79,80]. Nitrogen increases, which may come from
   fertilization or atmospheric deposition, have been linked to declines
   in grassland butterfly species adapted to low-nitrogen environments
   [102–104] and to higher mortality during larval development on enriched
   host plants [105].

Conclusions

   Systematic, long-term surveys of butterflies provide the most rigorous
   estimate for the rate of insect declines. This study demonstrates that
   defaunation is happening in North America similarly to Europe. In
   landscapes comprising natural areas amid heavy human land-use,
   butterfly total abundance is declining at 2% per year and 2–3 times
   more species have population trends declining rather than increasing.
   Additional Pollard-based monitoring programs in North America, listed
   in [9], will enable tracking insect trends over larger spatial extents
   as will efforts to integrate data across European monitoring schemes
   [11]. The rates for other insect groups may deviate from this baseline
   and were previously estimated to be declining more rapidly than
   Lepidoptera [1]. Expanded monitoring and support for taxonomists are
   imperative for other taxa and under sampled regions, like the Tropics
   where most insect diversity resides. Besides the evaluation if
   butterfly trends generalize to other insects, the most urgent research
   needs are understanding the causes of decline and testing mitigation
   strategies. As butterflies are the best-monitored insect taxa, they are
   the best indicator of the baseline threat to the 5.5 million insect
   species, the most diverse group of animals on earth.

Supporting information

S1 Appendix. Supplementary methods and results.

   Includes detailed methods for phenology models and phylogenetic trees,
   a figure of species trends plotted on a cladogram, two tables of model
   results from the trait analysis, and a table comparing our trend
   estimates with three other approaches.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0216270.s001

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   We thank the volunteers and directors who contribute their time and
   expertise to the Ohio butterfly monitoring program. The Ohio Department
   of Natural Resources provides support, the Cleveland Museum of Natural
   History provides data entry and archiving, and the Ohio Lepidopterists
   provides training and coordination for the Ohio butterfly monitoring
   program. We thank Marjorie Weber for advice on our phylogenetic
   analysis. The Department of the Interior Southeast Climate Adaptation
   Science Center and North Carolina State University supported TW during
   earlier work with Ohio butterflies that grew into this analysis.

References

    1. 1. Dirzo R, Young HS, Galetti M, Ceballos G, Isaac NJB, Collen B.
       Defaunation in the Anthropocene. Science. 2014;345: 401–406.
       pmid:25061202
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. May RM. How many species are there on earth? Science. 1988;241:
       1441–1449. pmid:17790039
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Conrad KF, Fox R, Woiwod IP. Monitoring biodiversity: measuring
       long-term changes in insect abundance. Insect conservation biology.
       2007; 203–225.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Hallmann CA, Sorg M, Jongejans E, Siepel H, Hofland N, Schwan H,
       et al. More than 75 percent decline over 27 years in total flying
       insect biomass in protected areas. Lamb EG, editor. PLOS ONE.
       2017;12: e0185809. pmid:29045418
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Lister BC, Garcia A. Climate-driven declines in arthropod
       abundance restructure a rainforest food web. PNAS. 2018;115:
       E10397–E10406. pmid:30322922
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Winfree RW. Fox J, Williams NM, Reilly JR, Cariveau DP.
       Abundance of common species, not species richness, drives delivery
       of a real-world ecosystem service. Shea K, editor. Ecology Letters.
       2015;18: 626–635. pmid:25959973
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Warren MS, Hill JK, Thomas JA, Asher J, Fox R, Huntley B, et al.
       Rapid responses of British butterflies to opposing forces of
       climate and habitat change. 2001;414: 5.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Parmesan C. Ecological and Evolutionary Responses to Recent
       Climate Change. Annual Review of Ecology, Evolution, and
       Systematics. 2006;37: 637–669.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Taron D, Ries L. Butterfly Monitoring for Conservation. In:
       Daniels JC, editor. Butterfly Conservation in North America.
       Dordrecht: Springer Netherlands; 2015. pp. 35–57.
   10. 10. Pollard E, Yates TJ. Monitoring butterflies for ecology and
       conservation: the British butterfly monitoring scheme. Springer
       Science & Business Media; 1994.
   11. 11. Van Swaay C, Van Strien A, Aghababyan K, Astrom S, Botham M,
       Brereton T, et al. The European Butterfly Indicator for Grassland
       species: 1990–2013. 2015;
   12. 12. Schmucki R, Pe’er G, Roy DB, Stefanescu C, Van Swaay CAM,
       Oliver TH, et al. A regionally informed abundance index for
       supporting integrative analyses across butterfly monitoring
       schemes. Müller J, editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2016;53:
       501–510.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Thomas JA. Monitoring change in the abundance and distribution
       of insects using butterflies and other indicator groups.
       Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological
       Sciences. 2005;360: 339–357. pmid:15814349
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Brereton T, Roy DB, Middlebrook I, Botham M, Warren M. The
       development of butterfly indicators in the United Kingdom and
       assessments in 2010. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2011;15:
       139–151.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Dennis EB, Morgan BJT, Roy DB, Brereton TM. Urban indicators
       for UK butterflies. Ecological Indicators. 2017;76: 184–193.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Agrawal AA, Inamine H. Mechanisms behind the monarch’s decline.
       Science. 2018;360: 1294–1296. pmid:29930122
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Schultz CB, Brown LM, Pelton E, Crone EE. Citizen science
       monitoring demonstrates dramatic declines of monarch butterflies in
       western North America. Biological Conservation. 2017;214: 343–346.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Belitz MW, Hendrick LK, Monfils MJ, Cuthrell DL, Marshall CJ,
       Kawahara AY, et al. Aggregated occurrence records of the federally
       endangered Poweshiek skipperling (Oarisma poweshiek). Biodiversity
       data journal. 2018;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Haddad NM. Resurrection and resilience of the rarest
       butterflies. PLOS Biology. 2018;16: e2003488. pmid:29408908
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Breed GA, Stichter S, Crone EE. Climate-driven changes in
       northeastern US butterfly communities. Nature Climate Change.
       2013;3: 142–145.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Forister ML, McCall AC, Sanders NJ, Fordyce JA, Thorne JH,
       O’Brien J, et al. Compounded effects of climate change and habitat
       alteration shift patterns of butterfly diversity. Proceedings of
       the National Academy of Sciences. 2010;107: 2088–2092.
       pmid:20133854
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Forister ML, Cousens B, Harrison JG, Anderson K, Thorne JH,
       Waetjen D, et al. Increasing neonicotinoid use and the declining
       butterfly fauna of lowland California. Biology Letters. 2016;12:
       20160475. pmid:27531159
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Schlicht D, Swengel A, Swengel S. Meta-analysis of survey data
       to assess trends of prairie butterflies in Minnesota, USA during
       1979–2005. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2009;13: 429–447.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Swengel SR, Schlicht D, Olsen F, Swengel AB. Declines of
       prairie butterflies in the midwestern USA. Journal of Insect
       Conservation. 2011;15: 327–339.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Iftner DC, Shuey JA, Calhoun JV. Butterflies and skippers of
       Ohio. College of Biological Sciences, Ohio State University; 1992.
   26. 26. Shuey JA, Calhoun JV, Iftner DC. Butterflies that are
       endangered, threatened, and of special concern in Ohio. 1987;
   27. 27. Bigelow D, Borchers A. Major uses of land in the United States,
       2012 [Internet]. USDA Economic Research Service; 2017. Report No.:
       EIB-178.
       https://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/pub-details/?pubid=84879
   28. 28. Thornton PE, Running SW, White MA. Generating surfaces of daily
       meteorological variables over large regions of complex terrain.
       Journal of Hydrology. 1997;190: 214–251.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Homer C, Dewitz J, Yang L, Jin S, Danielson P, Xian G, et al.
       Completion of the 2011 National Land Cover Database for the
       conterminous United States–representing a decade of land cover
       change information. Photogrammetric Engineering & Remote Sensing.
       2015;81: 345–354.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Diamond SE, Cayton H, Wepprich T, Jenkins CN, Dunn RR, Haddad
       NM, et al. Unexpected phenological responses of butterflies to the
       interaction of urbanization and geographic temperature. Ecology.
       2014;95: 2613–2621.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Dennis EB, Freeman SN, Brereton T, Roy DB. Indexing butterfly
       abundance whilst accounting for missing counts and variability in
       seasonal pattern. O’Hara RB, editor. Methods in Ecology and
       Evolution. 2013;4: 637–645.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Opler PA, Krizek GO. Butterflies east of the Great Plains: an
       illustrated natural history. Johns Hopkins Univ Pr; 1984.
   33. 33. Dennis EB, Morgan BJT, Freeman SN, Brereton TM, Roy DB. A
       generalized abundance index for seasonal invertebrates: A
       Generalized Abundance Index for Seasonal Invertebrates. Biometrics.
       2016;72: 1305–1314.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Wood SN. Generalized Additive Models: An Introduction with R.
       2nd ed. Chapman and Hall/CRC; 2017.
   35. 35. Cordano EE& E. Interpol.T: Hourly interpolation of multiple
       temperature daily series [Internet]. 2013.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Interpol.T
   36. 36. Cayton HL, Haddad NM, Gross K, Diamond SE, Ries L. Do growing
       degree days predict phenology across butterfly species? Ecology.
       2015;96: 1473–1479.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Link WA, Sauer JR. Estimating Population Change from Count
       Data: Application to the North American Breeding Bird Survey.
       Ecological Applications. 1998;8: 258.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Pellet J, Bried JT, Parietti D, Gander A, Heer PO, Cherix D, et
       al. Monitoring Butterfly Abundance: Beyond Pollard Walks. Schweiger
       O, editor. PLoS ONE. 2012;7: e41396. pmid:22859980
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Henry EH, Anderson CT. Abundance estimates to inform butterfly
       management: double-observer versus distance sampling. Journal of
       Insect Conservation. 2016;20: 505–514.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Melero Y, Stefanescu C, Pino J. General declines in
       Mediterranean butterflies over the last two decades are modulated
       by species traits. Biological Conservation. 2016;201: 336–342.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Haddad NM, Hudgens B, Damiani C, Gross K, Kuefler D, Pollock K.
       Determining Optimal Population Monitoring for Rare Butterflies:
       Monitoring Rare Butterflies. Conservation Biology. 2008;22:
       929–940.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Isaac NJB, Cruickshanks KL, Weddle AM, Marcus Rowcliffe J,
       Brereton TM, Dennis RLH, et al. Distance sampling and the challenge
       of monitoring butterfly populations: Distance sampling and
       monitoring butterflies. Methods in Ecology and Evolution. 2011;2:
       585–594.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Knape J. Decomposing trends in Swedish bird populations using
       generalized additive mixed models. Siriwardena G, editor. Journal
       of Applied Ecology. 2016;53: 1852–1861.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Szabo JK, Vesk PA, Baxter PWJ, Possingham HP. Regional avian
       species declines estimated from volunteer-collected long-term data
       using List Length Analysis. Ecological Applications. 2010;20:
       2157–2169. pmid:21265449
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. van Strien AJ, van Swaay CAM, Termaat T. Opportunistic citizen
       science data of animal species produce reliable estimates of
       distribution trends if analysed with occupancy models. Devictor V,
       editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2013;50: 1450–1458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Roy DB, Ploquin EF, Randle Z, Risely K, Botham MS, Middlebrook
       I, et al. Comparison of trends in butterfly populations between
       monitoring schemes. Journal of Insect Conservation. 2015;19:
       313–324.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Soykan CU, Sauer J, Schuetz JG, LeBaron GS, Dale K, Langham GM.
       Population trends for North American winter birds based on
       hierarchical models. Ecosphere. 2016;7: e01351.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Kraemer HC, Blasey CM. Centring in regression analyses: a
       strategy to prevent errors in statistical inference. International
       Journal of Methods in Psychiatric Research. 2004;13: 141–151.
       pmid:15297898
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Harrison XA. Using observation-level random effects to model
       overdispersion in count data in ecology and evolution. PeerJ.
       2014;2: e616. pmid:25320683
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Pannekoek J, Van Strien A. Trim 3 Manual (TRends & Indices for
       Monitoring data)–Statistics Netherlands. Voorburg; 2001.
   51. 51. Brereton T, Botham M, Middlebrook I, Randle Z, Noble D, Harris
       S, et al. United Kingdom Butterfly Monitoring Scheme report for
       2017 [Internet]. Centre for Ecology & Hydrology & Butterfly
       Conservation; 2018.
       http://www.ukbms.org/docs/reports/2017/UKBMS%20Butterfly%20Ann%20Re
       port%202017_Low%20Res.pdf
   52. 52. Van Swaay CAM, Bos G, Van Grunsven RHA, Kok J, Huskens K, Van
       Deijk JR, et al. Vlinders en libellen geteld: Jaarverslag 2017
       [Internet]. De Vlinderstichting, Wageningen; 2018. Report No.:
       Rapport VS2018.006.
       https://assets.vlinderstichting.nl/docs/6d51f174-b497-4777-b84a-362
       e344c3528.pdf
   53. 53. Stefanescu C. Resum de les temporades 2015 i 2016. Cynthia:
       Butlletí del Butterfly Monitoring Scheme a Catalunya. 2018;14.
       http://www.catalanbms.org/es/cynthia/
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Rohatgi A. WebPlotDigitizer [Internet]. 2019.
       https://automeris.io/WebPlotDigitizer
   55. 55. Wepprich TM. Effects of Climatic Variability on a Statewide
       Butterfly Community. [Internet]. North Carolina State University.
       2017. http://www.lib.ncsu.edu/resolver/1840.20/34345
   56. 56. Diamond SE, Frame AM, Martin RA, Buckley LB. Species’ traits
       predict phenological responses to climate change in butterflies.
       2011;92: 8.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Pagel M. Inferring the historical patterns of biological
       evolution. Nature. 1999;401: 877–884. pmid:10553904
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Clark K, Karsch-Mizrachi I, Lipman DJ, Ostell J, Sayers EW.
       GenBank. Nucleic Acids Res. 2016;44: D67–D72. pmid:26590407
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   59. 59. Ratnasingham S, Hebert PD. BOLD: The Barcode of Life Data
       System (http://www.barcodinglife.org). Molecular ecology notes.
       2007;7: 355–364. pmid:18784790
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   60. 60. Espeland M, Breinholt J, Willmott KR, Warren AD, Vila R,
       Toussaint EFA, et al. A Comprehensive and Dated Phylogenomic
       Analysis of Butterflies. Current Biology. 2018;28: 770–778.e5.
       pmid:29456146
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. R Core Team. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical
       Computing [Internet]. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for Statistical
       Computing; 2018. https://www.R-project.org/
   62. 62. Bates D, Mächler M, Bolker B, Walker S. Fitting Linear
       Mixed-Effects Models Using lme4. Journal of Statistical Software.
       2015;67.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Orme D, Freckleton R, Thomas G, Petzoldt T. The caper package:
       comparative analysis of phylogenetics and evolution in R. R package
       version. 2013;5.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Paradis E, Schliep K. ape 5.0: an environment for modern
       phylogenetics and evolutionary analyses in R. Bioinformatics.
       2018;xx: xxx–xxx.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Knowles JE, Frederick C. merTools: Tools for Analyzing Mixed
       Effect Regression Models [Internet]. 2018.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=merTools
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   66. 66. Nakagawa S, Schielzeth H. A general and simple method for
       obtaining R^2 from generalized linear mixed-effects models. O’Hara
       RB, editor. Methods in Ecology and Evolution. 2013;4: 133–142.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   67. 67. Barton K. MuMIn: Multi-Model Inference [Internet]. 2018.
       https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=MuMIn
   68. 68. Conrad KF, Woiwod IP, Parsons M, Fox R, Warren MS. Long-term
       population trends in widespread British moths. Journal of Insect
       Conservation. 2004;8: 119–136.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   69. 69. Hunter MD, Kozlov MV, Itämies J, Pulliainen E, Bäck J, Kyrö
       E-M, et al. Current temporal trends in moth abundance are counter
       to predicted effects of climate change in an assemblage of
       subarctic forest moths. Global Change Biology. 2014;20: 1723–1737.
       pmid:24421221
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   70. 70. Herrera CM. Complex long-term dynamics of pollinator abundance
       in undisturbed Mediterranean montane habitats over two decades.
       Ecological Monographs. 2019;89: e01338.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   71. 71. Cech R, Tudor G, others. Butterflies of the east coast.
       Princeton University Press; 2005.
   72. 72. Ryan SF, Lombaert E, Espeset A, Vila R, Talavera G, Dincă V, et
       al. Global invasion history of the world’s most abundant pest
       butterfly: a citizen science population genomics study. bioRxiv.
       2018; 506162.
   73. 73. McKinney ML, Lockwood JL. Biotic homogenization: a few winners
       replacing many losers in the next mass extinction. Trends in
       ecology & evolution. 1999;14: 450–453.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   74. 74. Clavel J, Julliard R, Devictor V. Worldwide decline of
       specialist species: toward a global functional homogenization?
       Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment. 2011;9: 222–228.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   75. 75. Van Dyck H, Van Strien AJ, Maes D, Van Swaay CAM. Declines in
       Common, Widespread Butterflies in a Landscape under Intense Human
       Use. Conservation Biology. 2009;23: 957–965. pmid:19637406
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   76. 76. Ries L, Oberhauser K, Taron D, Battin J, Rendon-Salinas E,
       Altizer S, et al. Connecting eastern monarch population dynamics
       across their migratory cycle. Monarchs in a changing world: Biology
       and conservation of an iconic insect Cornell University Press,
       Ithaca, NY. 2015; 268–281.
   77. 77. Pleasants JM, Williams EH, Brower LP, Oberhauser KS, Taylor OR.
       Conclusion of No Decline in Summer Monarch Population Not
       Supported. Ann Entomol Soc Am. 2016;109: 169–171.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   78. 78. Saunders SP, Ries L, Neupane N, Ramírez MI, García-Serrano E,
       Rendón-Salinas E, et al. Multiscale seasonal factors drive the size
       of winter monarch colonies. Proceedings of the National Academy of
       Sciences. 2019; 201805114. pmid:30886097
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   79. 79. Saunders SP, Ries L, Oberhauser KS, Thogmartin WE, Zipkin EF.
       Local and cross-seasonal associations of climate and land use with
       abundance of monarch butterflies Danaus plexippus. Ecography.
       2018;41: 278–290.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   80. 80. Pleasants JM, Oberhauser KS. Milkweed loss in agricultural
       fields because of herbicide use: effect on the monarch butterfly
       population: Herbicide use and monarch butterflies. Insect
       Conservation and Diversity. 2013;6: 135–144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   81. 81. Oliver TH, Roy DB. The pitfalls of ecological forecasting.
       Biological Journal of the Linnean Society. 2015;115: 767–778.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   82. 82. Dennis EB, Morgan BJ, Brereton TM, Roy DB, Fox R. Using citizen
       science butterfly counts to predict species population trends.
       Conservation biology. 2017;31: 1350–1361. pmid:28474803
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   83. 83. Pagel J, Anderson BJ, O’Hara RB, Cramer W, Fox R, Jeltsch F, et
       al. Quantifying range-wide variation in population trends from
       local abundance surveys and widespread opportunistic occurrence
       records. McMahon S, editor. Methods in Ecology and Evolution.
       2014;5: 751–760.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   84. 84. Fox R. The decline of moths in Great Britain: a review of
       possible causes: The decline of moths in Great Britain. Insect
       Conservation and Diversity. 2013;6: 5–19.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   85. 85. Thomas JA. Butterfly communities under threat. Science.
       2016;353: 216–218. pmid:27418487
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   86. 86. Wong MKL, Guénard B, Lewis OT. Trait-based ecology of
       terrestrial arthropods. Biological Reviews. 2018;0. pmid:30548743
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   87. 87. Habel JC, Schmitt T. Vanishing of the common species: Empty
       habitats and the role of genetic diversity. Biological
       Conservation. 2018;218: 211–216.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   88. 88. Dennis RLH, Shreeve TG, Dyck HV. Towards a Functional
       Resource-Based Concept for Habitat: A Butterfly Biology Viewpoint.
       Oikos. 2003;102: 417–426.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   89. 89. Curtis RJ, Brereton TM, Dennis RLH, Carbone C, Isaac NJB.
       Butterfly abundance is determined by food availability and is
       mediated by species traits. Diamond S, editor. Journal of Applied
       Ecology. 2015;52: 1676–1684.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   90. 90. Parmesan C, Ryrholm N, Stefanescu C, Hill JK, Thomas CD,
       Descimon H, et al. Poleward shifts in geographical ranges of
       butterfly species associated with regional warming. Nature.
       1999;399: 579–583.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   91. 91. Daniel Hellerstein, Claudia Hitaj, David Smith, Amerlie Davis.
       Land Use, Land Cover, and Pollinator Health: A Review and Trend
       Analysis [Internet]. USDA Economic Research Service; 2017 Jun p.
       47. https://ageconsearch.umn.edu/record/263074
   92. 92. Baker NT, Stone WW. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use
       for counties of the conterminous United States, 2008–12: U.S.
       Geological Survey Data Series 907 [Internet]. US Geological Survey;
       p. 9. https://dx.doi.org/10.3133/ds907.
   93. 93. Stone WW. Estimated annual agricultural pesticide use for
       counties of the conterminous United States, 1992–2009. US
       Geological Survey; 2013.
   94. 94. Goulson D. REVIEW: An overview of the environmental risks posed
       by neonicotinoid insecticides. Kleijn D, editor. Journal of Applied
       Ecology. 2013;50: 977–987.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   95. 95. Hallmann CA, Foppen RPB, van Turnhout CAM, de Kroon H,
       Jongejans E. Declines in insectivorous birds are associated with
       high neonicotinoid concentrations. Nature. 2014;511: 341–343.
       pmid:25030173
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   96. 96. Pisa L, Goulson D, Yang E-C, Gibbons D, Sánchez-Bayo F,
       Mitchell E, et al. An update of the Worldwide Integrated Assessment
       (WIA) on systemic insecticides. Part 2: impacts on organisms and
       ecosystems. Environ Sci Pollut Res. 2017; pmid:29124633
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   97. 97. Douglas MR, Tooker JF. Large-Scale Deployment of Seed
       Treatments Has Driven Rapid Increase in Use of Neonicotinoid
       Insecticides and Preemptive Pest Management in U.S. Field Crops.
       Environmental Science & Technology. 2015;49: 5088–5097.
       pmid:25793443
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   98. 98. Krupke CH, Holland JD, Long EY, Eitzer BD. Planting of
       neonicotinoid-treated maize poses risks for honey bees and other
       non-target organisms over a wide area without consistent crop yield
       benefit. Diamond S, editor. Journal of Applied Ecology. 2017;54:
       1449–1458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   99. 99. Gilburn AS, Bunnefeld N, Wilson JM, Botham MS, Brereton TM, Fox
       R, et al. Are neonicotinoid insecticides driving declines of
       widespread butterflies? PeerJ. 2015;3: e1402. pmid:26623186
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   100. 100. Basley K, Goulson D. Effects of Field-Relevant Concentrations
       of Clothianidin on Larval Development of the Butterfly Polyommatus
       icarus (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae). Environ Sci Technol. 2018;52:
       3990–3996. pmid:29553241
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   101. 101. Kleijn D, Snoeijing GIJ. Field Boundary Vegetation and the
       Effects of Agrochemical Drift: Botanical Change Caused by Low
       Levels of Herbicide and Fertilizer. Journal of Applied Ecology.
       1997;34: 1413–1425.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   102. 102. Weiss SB. Cars, cows, and checkerspot butterflies: nitrogen
       deposition and management of nutrient-poor grasslands for a
       threatened species. Conservation Biology. 1999;13: 1476–1486.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   103. 103. Öckinger E, Hammarstedt O, Nilsson SG, Smith HG. The
       relationship between local extinctions of grassland butterflies and
       increased soil nitrogen levels. Biological Conservation. 2006;128:
       564–573.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   104. 104. WallisDeVries MF, van Swaay CAM. A nitrogen index to track
       changes in butterfly species assemblages under nitrogen deposition.
       Biological Conservation. 2017;212: 448–453.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   105. 105. Kurze S, Heinken T, Fartmann T. Nitrogen enrichment in host
       plants increases the mortality of common Lepidoptera species.
       Oecologia. 2018;188: 1227–1237. pmid:30288608
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Moths and butterflies
       Is the Subject Area "Moths and butterflies" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Insects
       Is the Subject Area "Insects" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Ohio
       Is the Subject Area "Ohio" applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes
       (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Europe
       Is the Subject Area "Europe" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Plants
       Is the Subject Area "Plants" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Habitats
       Is the Subject Area "Habitats" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Species diversity
       Is the Subject Area "Species diversity" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS Biology

     * Browse
          + Current Issue
          + Journal Archive
          + Collections
          + Find and Read Articles
     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Other Article Types
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       PLOS Biology provides an Open Access platform to showcase your best
       research and commentary across all areas of biological science.
       Submit Now
     * About
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation Phenology Slows the Demography of
Roe Deer

     * Floriane Plard,
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯
     * Jean-Michel Gaillard ,
       * E-mail: jean-michel.gaillard@univ-lyon1.fr
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯
     * Tim Coulson,
       Affiliation Department of Zoology, The Tinbergen Building,
       University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * A. J. Mark Hewison,
       Affiliation INRA, UR035 CEFS, B.P. 52627, Castanet-Tolosan cedex,
       France
       ⨯
     * Daniel Delorme,
       Affiliation Centre National d'Études et de Recherches Appliquées
       Cervidés-Sangliers, Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune
       Sauvage, Paris, France
       ⨯
     * Claude Warnant,
       Affiliation Centre National d'Études et de Recherches Appliquées
       Cervidés-Sangliers, Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune
       Sauvage, Paris, France
       ⨯
     * Christophe Bonenfant
       Affiliation Laboratoire “Biométrie et Biologie Évolutive,” Unité
       Mixte de Recherche 5558, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Lyon,
       France
       ⨯

Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation Phenology Slows the Demography of
Roe Deer

     * Floriane Plard,
     * Jean-Michel Gaillard,
     * Tim Coulson,
     * A. J. Mark Hewison,
     * Daniel Delorme,
     * Claude Warnant,
     * Christophe Bonenfant

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: April 1, 2014
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Figure 1
   Figure 2
   Figure 3

Abstract

   Marked impacts of climate change on biodiversity have frequently been
   demonstrated, including temperature-related shifts in phenology and
   life-history traits. One potential major impact of climate change is
   the modification of synchronization between the phenology of different
   trophic levels. High phenotypic plasticity in laying date has allowed
   many bird species to track the increasingly early springs resulting
   from recent environmental change, but although changes in the timing of
   reproduction have been well studied in birds, these questions have only
   recently been addressed in mammals. To track peak resource
   availability, large herbivores like roe deer, with a widespread
   distribution across Europe, should also modify their life-history
   schedule in response to changes in vegetation phenology over time. In
   this study, we analysed the influence of climate change on the timing
   of roe deer births and the consequences for population demography and
   individual fitness. Our study provides a rare quantification of the
   demographic costs associated with the failure of a species to modify
   its phenology in response to a changing world. Given these fitness
   costs, the lack of response of roe deer birth dates to match the
   increasingly earlier onset of spring is in stark contrast with the
   marked phenotypic responses to climate change reported in many other
   mammals. We suggest that the lack of phenotypic plasticity in birth
   timing in roe deer is linked to its inability to track environmental
   cues of variation in resource availability for the timing of
   parturition.

Author Summary

   Climate change can alter the synchronization of life cycles between
   organisms at different points in the food chain. If species do not
   respond to climate change, the timing of peak resource availability may
   fail to match the timing of peak energy expenditure. Many bird species
   have been able to advance their laying date to match a change in the
   timing of caterpillar abundance. Herbivores are similarly expected to
   track changes in the timing of vegetation growth. In this study, we
   combine statistical analysis with demographic modeling to analyze the
   influence of a climate-driven shift in the timing of the spring
   vegetation flush on the birth date and demography of roe deer. In
   recent years, climate change has generated a marked increase in local
   temperatures and a progressively earlier vegetation flush. Despite
   these changes, we observed no shift in timing of the birth date of roe
   deer over the 27-year study period. This failure to track environmental
   change resulted in a mismatch between vegetation flush and birth date,
   which in turn caused a decrease in survival of the young, and hence a
   reduction in roe deer fitness. Birth date was under strong directional
   selection, but was not strongly heritable, suggesting that any
   evolutionary response of birth date to climate change might be limited.
   We suggest that a plastic response in birth date did not occur because
   reproduction is triggered by day length rather than resource
   availability in roe deer.

   Citation: Plard F, Gaillard J-M, Coulson T, Hewison AJM, Delorme D,
   Warnant C, et al. (2014) Mismatch Between Birth Date and Vegetation
   Phenology Slows the Demography of Roe Deer. PLoS Biol 12(4): e1001828.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828

   Academic Editor: Georgina M. Mace, University College London, United
   Kingdom

   Received: August 30, 2013; Accepted: February 19, 2014; Published:
   April 1, 2014

   Copyright: © 2014 Plard et al. This is an open-access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Funding: The sources of funding that supported the work presented in
   this paper include grants from the Office National de la Chasse et de
   la Faune Sauvage (to FP, JMG, CB, DD, and CW), from the Institut
   National de la Recherche Agronomique (to MH), from the Centre National
   de la Recherche Scientifique (to CB and JMG), and from the European
   Research Council (TC). The funders had no role in study design, data
   collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the
   manuscript.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

   Abbreviations: IPM, Integral Projection Model

Introduction

   Marked impacts of climate change on biodiversity have frequently been
   demonstrated, including temperature-related shifts in phenology and
   life-history traits [1]. Species living at high altitudes or latitudes
   are particularly affected by climate change [2],[3], but widespread
   species inhabiting temperate areas are also responding [4]. Global
   temperatures have risen by 0.89°C since 1901 [5], and this has led to
   an advance in the timing of key life-history events by, on average, 2.8
   d per decade [6]. Earlier springs have caused phenological
   modifications in most taxonomic groups [1],[7]. The phenology of
   vegetation, particularly trees, has advanced with time (by 3.3 d per
   decade [6]). A failure of species to track these changes may have
   important demographic consequences that, in turn, could impact
   conservation and management issues. Changes in the timing of
   reproduction have been well studied in birds [8]–[10], but have only
   recently been considered in mammals [3],[4],[11]. These studies suggest
   that a change in the timing of peak resource availability typically
   generates a change in median laying or breeding date [9],[12],[13].
   This response ensures that individuals can synchronize their energetic
   demands for offspring production and provisioning [14] with the period
   when environmental conditions are the most favorable [15].

   A key question about the consequences of global change is which species
   can respond and how [16]. Although most studied species have responded
   to match resource availability with energy requirements, the response
   is not always exact or immediate [17],[18]. Phenotypic plasticity may
   play a major role in the adjustment of reproductive timing to earlier
   springs [19]. In a population of great tits, those individuals that
   could vary their reproductive timing the most had higher fitness [20].
   But for individuals to shift their reproductive cycle in order to track
   environmental modifications, they require a reliable environmental cue
   [21],[22]. The timing of breeding is influenced by photoperiod in many
   species of birds and mammals [23]–[25], a cue that is clearly
   unaffected by climate change. Nonetheless, some species, including the
   great tit and red deer, rely on temperature [26],[27] to minimize the
   mismatch between birth timing and the peak resource availability. If
   earlier breeding increases fitness, selection could also drive a
   micro-evolutionary change in terms of advanced reproductive timing [8]
   as long as birth date is heritable. The relative role of phenotypic
   plasticity and micro-evolutionary change remains largely unquantified
   [28], although Réale et al. [4] showed that the advance in birth timing
   in red squirrel was mostly due to phenotypic plasticity rather than
   micro-evolution. Although some species have advanced their birth timing
   in response to increasing temperature, some species have not [29]
   whereas others have delayed their reproductive phenology [1]. For
   instance, Columbian ground squirrels have delayed their breeding
   phenology by 0.47 d per year over a period of 20 y, leading to a
   reduction in fitness by a half between 1993 and 2003 [3]. On the other
   hand, birth timing in caribou advanced at a much slower rate than the
   vegetation flush over a period of 33 years, so that the mismatch
   between birth timing and peak resource availability increased, causing
   calf production to decline [30],[31].

   Births are highly seasonal and synchronous in most large herbivores
   [32], including roe deer [33],[34], in which more than 90% occur within
   1 mo [35]. Roe deer females are income breeders and selectively feed on
   highly digestible and nutritious young shoots, especially during early
   lactation when energetic demand peaks [14]. Synchrony between births
   and the peak availability of high-quality vegetation is expected to be
   crucial for successful recruitment. The reproductive cycle of roe deer
   is unique among ungulates, including a phase of embryonic diapause that
   appears not to vary in duration among females [36]. As in reindeer
   where reproductive timing may be driven by day length [37], both
   ovulation and conception dates appear to be under the control of
   photoperiod [38], which could explain the lack of variation in
   parturition date across years for a given female [33],[35].

   Focusing on the mismatch between birth date and plant phenology, we
   investigate how climate change is currently affecting roe deer fitness.
   Our study on the intensively monitored roe deer population at Trois
   Fontaines, eastern France, spans 27 y, from 1985 to 2011. We tested the
   three following predictions: (i) As most mammals studied so far have
   shown a response to climate change, we expected that roe deer births
   should occur earlier in response to the advance in vegetation
   phenology. (ii) Because parturition date varies little across years for
   a given roe deer female [35], indicating limited phenotypic plasticity,
   but because it has been shown to be heritable in mammals [39],[40], and
   markedly influences early offspring survival [40], we expected any
   change in birth timing to be mainly the result of natural selection.
   And (iii) because such micro-evolutionary responses are often delayed,
   we expected that despite any advance in birth timing, the mismatch
   between peak energetic demand and peak resource availability should
   likely increase over time, leading to negative impacts on roe deer
   performance. Our study provides a unique quantification, to our
   knowledge, of the demographic costs associated with the failure of a
   species to modify its phenology in response to a warming world.

Results

Climate Change and Birth Date

   Analysis of local weather variables revealed a strong local impact of
   climate change that translated into increasingly earlier and warmer
   springs over time. Annual spring (April to June) temperature increased
   by 0.07°C per year (SE = 0.02, p = 0.001, Figure 1) at Trois Fontaines
   over the study period. Analysis of flowering date in the vineyards of
   the Champagne region indicated that annual timing of plant phenology in
   the region had advanced by 0.6 d per year (SE = 0.18, p = 0.002, Figure
   1) over this period, so that the peak in availability of high-quality
   resources for roe deer was increasingly early from 1985 to 2011. Spring
   mean temperature and flowering date in the Champagne region were
   negatively correlated over this period (ρ = −0.89, p<0.001). We
   therefore used flowering date as a proxy of the vegetation flush and
   compared it to annual variation in the timing of roe deer births. Roe
   deer give birth about 1 mo before the onset of flowering in Champagne
   because they preferentially feed on leaves and young shoots that become
   available before flowering. The mismatch between median birth date and
   vegetation phenology was estimated from the difference between median
   birth date and annual flowering date in the Champagne vineyards. We
   standardized this measure (by subtracting the observed value of
   mismatch in the first year (1985) from this variable) to obtain a
   relative measure of mismatch ranging from 0 in 1985 to 36 d in 2011.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 1. Temporal variation in spring temperature (A), flowering date
   in the vineyards of the Champagne region (B), the observed population
   mean of the mismatch between flowering date and median parturition date
   (C), and mean individual fitness predicted from the IPM (D) in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France from 1985 to 2011.

   The mismatch was estimated as the difference between median birth date
   and annual flowering date in the Champagne vineyards. We standardized
   this measure (by subtracting the observed value of the mismatch in the
   first year of study (1985) from this variable) to obtain a relative
   measure of mismatch ranging from 0 in 1985 to 36 d in 2011. Predicted
   trends are presented as black lines with 95% confidence intervals
   (dashed lines). Geometric means of mean individual fitness were
   calculated over periods of 4 y (black squares).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g001

   In contradiction with our first prediction, annual median birth date
   did not occur earlier over time. Both the mean and median birth dates
   of roe deer at Trois Fontaines remained remarkably stable among years
   (based on 1,095 birth dates, mean = 136.1, SE = 8.56; time trend,
   t = −0.82, p = 0.421; and median = 136, the 16th of May, t = −1.23,
   p = 0.232 for mean and median birth dates, respectively, Figure S4A).
   Neither the spring mean temperature nor flowering date in the Champagne
   region had a detectable influence on median birth date (Pearson's
   product moment, ρ = −0.07, p = 0.730 and ρ = 0.11, p = 0.575 for spring
   mean temperature and flowering date, respectively). Consequently, the
   mismatch between median birth date and vegetation phenology increased
   by 0.54 d per year (SE = 0.20, p = 0.011, Figure 1) between 1985 and
   2011. We did not find any correlation between median birth date and
   other environmental drivers (Table S1), suggesting that roe deer
   females are unable to track these potential environmental cues.

Parturition Date, a Trait Under Strong Selection Pressure

   We investigated whether birth date of roe deer fulfilled the three
   necessary conditions for evolutionary change to occur: variability,
   heritability, and a selection pressure [41]. First, variation in
   parturition date among roe deer females has been recently quantified
   and found to be consistently high within several populations [35], with
   long-lived and/or heavier females (i.e., high-quality individuals)
   giving birth earlier than low-quality females [42]. Second, we found no
   strong statistical support for heritability in parturition date when
   estimated from the parent–offspring relationship based on 28
   daughter–mother pairs (β = 0.234, SE = 0.13, p = 0.094, h^2 = 0.127).
   Third, we identified directional selection favoring early births, with
   a strong negative relationship between individual birth date and
   individual early survival from May 12th onwards (on a logit scale
   β = −0.06, SE = 0.01, p<0.001, Figure S1). Note that year was included
   as a categorical variable in this model to control for interannual
   variation in environmental conditions affecting early survival. A model
   including a threshold effect of individual birth date on individual
   early survival provided a better fit than a linear (ΔAIC = 6.12) or a
   quadratic (ΔAIC = 0.50) model. Thus, a fawn born before May 12th had,
   on average, a 50% chance of surviving to 8 mo of age, whereas a fawn
   born on May 31st had, on average, only a 24% chance of surviving to
   that age. Adding a term describing interactive effects between birth
   date and year did not improve the fit of the model (ΔAIC = 9.28),
   indicating that the response of individual early survival to individual
   birth date was consistent across cohorts. Taken together these results
   suggest that we should not expect a strong micro-evolutionary response
   of parturition date in roe deer.

Demographic Consequences

   At the population level, cohort-specific survival (measured as the
   proportion of fawns that survived to the onset of winter each year) was
   negatively correlated with our index of mismatch (arcsine-square root
   transformation: β = −0.009, SE = 0.003, p = 0.012). Adding a quadratic
   term (ΔAIC = 1.95) or a threshold effect (ΔAIC = 1.86) of mismatch did
   not improve model fit. Early cohort-specific survival of juveniles
   decreased by 40% with an increase in mismatch of 1 mo (Figure 2).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 2. Variation in mean cohort-specific early survival in relation
   to the mismatch between annual median birth date and vegetation
   phenology in the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   The predicted relationship is represented by a black line with 95%
   confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to fit the models are
   represented by black squares whose size is proportional to the standard
   error of mean cohort-specific early survival.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g002

   At the individual level, the mismatch was a better predictor of early
   survival (R^2 = 0.037) than birth date (R^2 = 0.025) (ΔAIC = 8.90,
   Table S2; note that year was not included in these models because
   interannual variation was integrated within the mismatch variable).
   Individual early survival was constant when the mismatch was 16 d or
   less, but then decreased linearly beyond 16 d of mismatch (Table S2,
   Figure 3). When birth occurred at least 1 mo (35 d) before flowering
   date in Champagne's vineyards, a fawn had an expected probability of
   0.5 of surviving to 8 mo of age, whereas this probability was only 0.25
   when birth occurred 2 wk prior to flowering (Figure 3).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Figure 3. Influence of the mismatch (measured as the difference in days
   between individual birth date and flowering date in Champagne) on
   individual early survival in the roe deer population of Trois
   Fontaines, France.

   The predicted values are presented after back-transformation from a
   logit scale with 95% confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to
   fit the model are represented by black squares whose size is
   proportional to the number of observed births within periods of 2.5 d
   (examples in the figures: 1 (in white), 82 fawns; 2 (in white), 115
   fawns).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.g003

   We built an IPM describing the temporal dynamics of parturition date in
   our roe deer population to quantify the impact of this increasing
   mismatch on roe deer fitness. The distribution of parturition date in
   the population at time t+1 depends on the distribution of parturition
   date at time t and on the four relationships linking parturition date
   with survival, recruitment, transition between two successive
   parturition events, and inheritance of parturition date between mother
   and offspring (see Text S1, Tables S2, S3, S4, and Figure S2 for
   further details [43],[44]). Annual flowering date in the vineyards of
   the Champagne region was included in the IPM to model the local shift
   in plant phenology. As most roe deer females give birth to two fawns
   [45] and the sex ratio is close to 0.5 at birth at Trois Fontaines
   [46], the recruitment function linking the number of female offspring a
   mother has successfully weaned given its parturition date was modeled
   by individual early survival (Table S5, Figure 3).

   The IPM predicted mean parturition date to occur on the 17th of May
   each year, with a very slight, but statistically significant, advance
   of just 0.27 d over the whole 27-y study period (β = −0.010,
   SE = 0.003, p = 0.006, Figure S4B). The model also predicted earlier
   parturition as females aged, with 2-y-old females giving birth, on
   average, 5 d later than older females (Figure S5). The estimated
   population growth rate, and so the mean fitness of females in the
   population, decreased by 6% on average over the study period
   (β = −0.003, SE = 0.001, p = 0.008, Figure 1), from 1.23 in 1985 to
   1.06 in 2011. Marked variability in environmental conditions between
   successive years often leads to a decrease in the arithmetic mean
   population growth rate [47]. Consequently, we estimated the geometric
   mean of population growth rate for successive periods of 4 y. The
   geometric mean population growth rate also decreased over the study
   period (β = −0.009, SE = 0.002, p = 0.002). Thus, the IPM allowed us to
   demonstrate a clear impact of the mismatch between energy demand and
   peak resource availability on mean fitness, which declined in this
   population of roe deer over the entire study period. In accordance with
   these results, we also observed a decrease in mean annual female
   reproductive success over the study period (β = −0.027, SE = 0.005,
   p<0.001; note that these data are independent of those used to build
   the IPM, see Figure S3).

Discussion

   This study has demonstrated that mean fitness is currently decreasing
   in this roe deer population due to the lack of response in parturition
   date to the increasingly early availability of high-quality resources
   induced by climate change. Warming at Trois Fontaines over the last 27
   y (0.46°C per decade) was more than threefold greater than the average
   global expectation from the 2013 IPCC report on climate change (0.12
   [0.08–0.14] per decade since 1951, [5]). This local warming has led to
   an advance in spring plant phenology [48] demonstrated by the advance
   in flowering date in Champagne's vineyards. In contrast to most other
   studied mammals that have been able to track resource availability by
   advancing their birth timing [3],[4],[13],[49], the median birth date
   of roe deer remained constant over years. This generated an increased
   mismatch between mean birth date and phenology of the vegetation such
   that at the end of the study period fawns were born relatively later
   with respect to the peak in availability of high quality resources.
   Post and Forchhammer [30] were the first to describe a negative impact
   of a mismatch between resource availability and birth timing on calf
   production in Greenland caribou. In our study, climate change over
   recent decades has had a similarly negative impact on early survival
   (i.e., a “climatic debt” [16]), both at the individual and at the
   population levels. Furthermore, we were able to show that this mismatch
   between parturition and the availability of highly digestible forage
   led to a decline in mean fitness of 6% over the study period, and of
   14% between 1985 and those years when the vegetation flush was
   particularly early (2007 and 2011). This link between plant phenology
   and roe deer population dynamics, mostly driven through recruitment, is
   the likely mechanism for the observed decrease in population growth
   rate over time [50].

   Our study provides an illustration of the probable fitness costs for
   species which do not respond to climate change. Indeed, the increasing
   mismatch between the peak of roe deer births and the onset of the
   vegetation flush in recent years had a negative impact on both early
   survival and mean fitness. Previous studies have reported an impact of
   climate change on recruitment [30],[51],[52]. However, the influence of
   mismatch on fitness and population dynamics has received much less
   attention. IPMs allow the phenotypic consequences of climate change to
   be explored (see also [49]), which is not possible using classical
   statistical methods. In contrast to a recent study on birds [53], we
   found that population growth rate of roe deer was not buffered against
   phenological mismatch. Mean fitness was most strongly affected during
   years when plant phenology was particularly early, for example, in 2007
   and 2011 (λ = 1.07 versus λ = 1.23 for the first year of the study). We
   can therefore predict that this increasing mismatch will further
   increase the energetic costs of breeding for females [54] as spring
   phenology continues to advance in the future.

   The lack of response in roe deer birth date to climate change provides
   a stark contrast with the previous findings on most mammalian species
   studied to date, which have shown phenotypic responses to climate
   change [3],[4],[13],[49]. Despite the clear selection pressure that we
   demonstrated, which should favor earlier births over time, we showed
   that a strong evolutionary change is not expected in roe deer. Indeed,
   we found no strong statistical support for heritability of birth date,
   despite the fact that parent–offspring regressions are known to
   overestimate heritabilities [55]. However, as the number of
   mother–daughter pairs (N = 28) available to assess heritability of
   birth date was low, further work on a much larger sample size is
   required to explore this question. Nonetheless, both the classical
   statistical approach and the IPM provided similar results and clearly
   indicated no change in roe deer reproductive timing. Although roe deer
   did not exhibit an evolutionary response to climate change, why have
   they not responded plastically [4],[20]?

   Roe deer females appear unable to track environmental cues such as
   temperature to time their birth event. Birth timing in mammals is
   mainly driven by the date of conception and gestation length. Ovulation
   and, thereby, conception date is mainly under the control of
   photoperiod in roe deer [38]. Gestation begins with a phase of
   embryonic diapause that probably originally evolved to increase
   gestation length [56], but we expected this historical selection
   pressure for delayed birth to be counterbalanced by selection for
   earlier birth date in response to climate change over recent times.
   However, diapause appears to be triggered by an intrinsic mechanism
   involving the mother or even the embryo itself, and the 5-mo duration
   appears not to vary among females [36]. In many species, adaptive
   phenotypic plasticity has generated a response to changes in phenology
   (great tit [57], red squirrel [4]). In red deer, a species related to
   roe deer that is able to track earlier plant phenology [13], gestation
   length decreased with increasing average temperature in March [58]. In
   contrast, in roe deer, we have shown that parturition timing is
   independent of changes in temperature and in the onset of the
   vegetation flush, suggesting this lack of phenotypic plasticity in
   birth timing is associated with an inability to track environmental
   cues of variation in resource availability for the timing of
   parturition.

   Earlier plant phenology is likely the main cause of the observed
   decrease in early survival, and thereby in mean fitness, in this roe
   deer population. Although the roe deer population consistently
   displayed positive growth over the 27-y study period (i.e., λ
   consistently higher than 1), population growth rate (and therefore
   average individual fitness) decreased in a continuous fashion by 6%
   over this period. Moreover, temperatures are expected to increase
   further in the future, causing the phenology of vegetation to advance
   still further. We suggest that these combined effects could impose a
   brake on the demographic and geographical expansion of roe deer, a
   common and previously successful species across all Europe [59].

Materials and Methods

Studied Site and Population

   Trois Fontaines (48°43N, 2°61W) is an enclosed 1,360 ha forest located
   near Saint-Dizier, at the border of Marne and Haute-Marne counties in
   north-eastern France. In spring (from mid-March to mid-June), the
   number of rainy days averaged 31.5 (ranging between 18 and 52 d during
   the study period 1985–2011) and the temperature averaged 10.4°C
   (ranging between −6.06°C and 15.00°C). The forest is dominated by oak
   (Quercus sp.) and beech (Fagus sylvatica). Roe deer feed mainly on
   coppice and the understory is dominated by hornbeam (Carpinus betulus),
   ivy (Hedera helix), and bramble (Rubus sp.).

Data Collection

   The roe deer population at Trois Fontaines has been intensively
   monitored for more than 35 y by the Office National de la Chasse et de
   la Faune Sauvage based on a detailed Capture-Mark-Recapture program.
   Roe deer are individually marked using numbered collars and ear-tags. A
   systematic search for newborn fawns was conducted every year from late
   April to mid-June between 1985 and 2010 [60]. In 2011, searches ended
   earlier and the last fawn was found on May 20th. Fawns were handled by
   experienced people, ear-tagged, and weighed. Their sex was recorded and
   their age estimated to the nearest day using umbilicus characteristics
   and behaviour at marking [61]. Birth dates were back-calculated using
   these estimated ages and the day of capture. The average age at marking
   was about 5 d, and all fawns were marked within 20 d. The identity of
   the mother for a given fawn was established, when possible, through
   direct observations of lactating behavior or by the identification of
   an escaping female in the vicinity of the fawn. From January to March,
   annual capture sessions took place, with capture of more than 50% of
   the roe deer population each year, providing reliable information on
   the fate of animals marked at birth. Individual early survival was
   defined as the probability of survival of a fawn from birth to the next
   winter (see [62] for further details). At Trois Fontaines, fawn
   mortality was most likely associated with shortage of high-quality food
   because this population is not subject to marked predation or hunting
   pressure. At the population level, mean cohort-specific early survival
   was estimated using Capture-Recapture analyses [63] from 1985 to 2011.
   Cohort-specific early survival could not be estimated with accuracy for
   2012 (see [62]), so these data were not included here. Data are
   available from Table S6.

Climate Change and Parturition Date

   The local daily temperature was collected from the Météo-France weather
   station of Saint-Dizier located at less than 5 km from the study site.
   Spring temperature (April to June) was used to assess the magnitude of
   climate warming at the local scale. To measure annual changes in
   vegetation phenology, we used the mean flowering date of vineyards in
   the Champagne region collected by the Comité Interprofessionnel du Vin
   de Champagne and available on the website of the French Observatoire
   National sur les Effets du Réchauffement Climatique
   (http://www.developpement-durable.gouv.fr/-Impacts-et-adaptation-ONERC-
   .html). Flowering date is little influenced by human activity and
   reliably reflects the phenology of the vegetation of that year.
   Moreover, flowering date in Champagne is highly correlated with the
   local sum of degree-days (ρ = −0.61, p<0.001), which is often used to
   index vegetation growth [13],[64], with spring temperature (ρ = −0.83,
   p<0.001) and with annual mean temperature (ρ = −0.57, p<0.001). As a
   consequence, flowering date in Champagne reliably indexes the overall
   changes in plant phenology over years. When flowering date in Champagne
   was early in the year, we assumed that the availability of high-quality
   resources for roe deer provided by spring vegetation was also early.
   Consequently, we used the difference between birth date and flowering
   date in Champagne as a measure of the mismatch between birth date and
   peak resource availability.

   To assess temporal trends in local temperature, vegetation phenology,
   and birth date, we fitted linear regressions with a Gaussian error.
   Subsequently, we examined the relationships of cohort-specific median
   birth date with mean spring temperature and with flowering date in
   Champagne to test whether birth date tracked climate change. To
   quantify the mismatch between median birth date and the vegetation
   flush at the population level, we subtracted the median birth date from
   the annual flowering date.

Birth Date: A Trait Under Selection?

   Available data were not detailed enough to build pedigrees, so we
   measured heritability using the weighted regression of the median
   parturition date of each daughter against the median parturition date
   of her mother [65]. To assess whether roe deer birth date was under
   selection, we analyzed the relationship between birth date and early
   survival at the level of the individual with a generalized linear model
   and a logit link. We included year in the model to control for
   interannual variation in environmental conditions. We tested for
   linear, quadratic, and threshold effects of birth date on individual
   early survival. Finally, we tested for an interaction between birth
   date and year to investigate whether the selection pressure was similar
   over time.

Demographic Consequences of the Mismatch

   To assess whether roe deer exhibited a phenotypic response to climate
   change, both at the population and individual levels, we used mean
   cohort-specific early survival after an arcsine-square root
   transformation; we investigated the relationships between
   cohort-specific early survival and the mismatch, testing for linear,
   quadratic, and threshold effects of the mismatch. Each point of the
   regression was weighted (using the inverse of the variance of
   cohort-specific early survival) to account for uncertainty in the
   estimates of cohort-specific survival. Then, we investigated whether
   the mismatch was a better predictor of early survival than birth date
   at the individual level. We did not include year in this model as
   among-year variations were integrated within the mismatch variable. We
   tested for linear, quadratic, and threshold effects of birth date or
   the birth date–vegetation phenology mismatch on individual early
   survival with a generalized linear model and a logit link. We compared
   the relative fit of the different models using the Akaike Information
   Criterion (AIC).

   To investigate the influence of plant phenology on mean fitness, we
   built an Integral Projection Model (IPM, [43],[44]) describing the
   dynamics of parturition date in the population. Selection and
   estimations for the models describing the four functions defining the
   IPM (survival, recruitment, transition, and inheritance) are detailed
   in the Supporting Information section. This IPM allowed us to
   investigate the influence of the timing of peak resource availability
   on the outputs of the model: the annual asymptotic population growth
   rate, in other words, annual mean fitness over the study period. As
   previous studies in this population have revealed no effect of density
   dependence on any of the demographic parameters, we did not include
   density in our demographic analysis (supplementary material of [50]).

Supporting Information

Figure S1.

   Influence of individual birth date (expressed as the day of year
   between 110 (20th April) and 161 (10th June)) on individual early
   survival in the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France. The
   predicted values are presented after back-transformation from a logit
   scale with 95% confidence intervals (dashed lines). Data used to fit
   the model are represented by black squares whose size is proportional
   to the number of observed births within periods of 2 d.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s001

   (EPS)

Figure S2.

   Recruitment, survival, transition, and inheritance functions in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France, used to build the IPM.
   Parturition date varies between the days of the year of 110 (20th
   April) and 161 (10th June).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s002

   (EPS)

Figure S3.

   Temporal variation in mean annual reproductive success (measured in
   fall) of roe deer females in the population of Trois Fontaines from
   1985 to 2010. Reproductive success was estimated by direct observations
   of the maternal group (mother and fawns) between September and December
   to determine the number of fawns successfully weaned. Predicted trends
   are presented as black lines with 95% confidence intervals (dashed
   lines). The size of the circle is proportional to the number of females
   for which reproductive success was recorded each year.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s003

   (EPS)

Figure S4.

   Annual median parturition dates in the population of roe deer from
   Trois Fontaines, France, from 1985 to 2011. (A) Observed and (B)
   predicted (from the IPM) parturition dates. Standard errors of median
   observed and mean predicted parturition dates are provided.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s004

   (EPS)

Figure S5.

   Stable distribution of parturition date (A) and mean parturition date
   in relation to age (B) predicted from the IPM in the population of roe
   deer from Trois Fontaines, France. Parturition date varies between the
   days of the year of 91 (1st April) and 181 (30th June).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s005

   (EPS)

Table S1.

   Influence of environmental variables on annual median birth date. We
   investigated the influence of flowering date in the vineyards of the
   Champagne region (Flow. date), annual mean temperature (Annual T), mean
   spring (April, May, and June) temperature (Spring T), sum of spring
   precipitation (Spring Prec), sum of degree-days above 7°C before the
   birth season (SDD), mean winter (January, February, March) temperature
   (Winter T), sum of winter precipitation (Winter Prec), mean fall
   (October, November, December) temperature (Fall T), sum of fall
   precipitation (Fall Prec), mean summer (July and August) temperature
   (Summer T), and sum of summer precipitation (Summer Prec). These
   periods where chosen in relation to the reproductive cycle of roe deer:
   births occur in spring, true gestation occurs during winter, embryonic
   diapause occurs in fall, and the rut takes place in summer. *The
   correlation between median birth date and sum of degree-days was
   performed excluding the outlier year of 1986.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s006

   (PDF)

Table S2.

   Individual early survival (recruitment function) in the roe deer
   population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s007

   (PDF)

Table S3.

   Transition function between two successive parturition dates in the roe
   deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s008

   (PDF)

Table S4.

   Inheritance function of parturition date between mother and daughter in
   the roe deer population of Trois Fontaines, France.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s009

   (PDF)

Table S5.

   Models of the functions used to build the IPM describing the
   distributions of parturition date (PD). M, Mother; D, Daughter.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s010

   (PDF)

Table S6.

   Datafile. Year of birth, sex (1, male; 2, female), birth date (day of
   the year), family (0, single fawns; >0, identity of the twin pair) and
   early survival (0, died; 1, survived until 8 mo of age).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s011

   (XLSX)

Text S1.

   Integral Projection Model on parturition date.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1001828.s012

   (DOC)

Acknowledgments

   We thank the Office National de la Chasse et de la Faune Sauvage and
   the many volunteers and colleagues who participated in catching and
   monitoring fawns on the study site of Trois Fontaines. We are grateful
   to the Comité Interprofessionnel du Vin de Champagne for collecting the
   data on the flowering date of the vineyards in the Champagne region and
   we thank Jean-Luc Dupouey for consultation during the analysis design.

Author Contributions

   The author(s) have made the following declarations about their
   contributions: Conceived and designed the experiments: JMG TC MH CB FP.
   Performed the experiments: DD CW. Analyzed the data: FP. Contributed
   reagents/materials/analysis tools: JMG TC MH CB FP DD CW. Wrote the
   paper: JMG TC MH CB FP DD CW.

References

    1. 1. Root TL, Price JT, Hall KR, Schneider SH, Rosenzweig C, et al.
       (2003) Fingerprints of global warming on wild animals and plants.
       Nature 421: 57–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Post E, Forchhammer MC, Bret-Harte MS, Callaghan TV, Christensen
       TR, et al. (2009) Ecological dynamics across the Arctic associated
       with recent climate change. Science 325: 1355–1358.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Lane JE, Kruuk LEB, Charmantier A, Murie JO, Dobson FS (2012)
       Delayed phenology and reduced fitness associated with climate
       change in a wild hibernator. Nature 489: 554–557.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Réale D, McAdam AG, Boutin S, Berteaux D (2003) Genetic and
       plastic responses of a northern mammal to climate change. Proc R
       Soc B 270: 591–596.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. IPCC (2013) Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change: Fifth
       Assessment Report.
    6. 6. Parmesan C (2007) Inuences of species, latitudes and
       methodologies on estimates of phenological response to global
       warming. Glob Chang Biol 13: 1860–1872.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Parmesan C, Yohe G (2003) A globally coherent fingerprint of
       climate change impacts across natural systems. Nature 421: 37–42.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Price T, Kirkpatrick M, Arnold SJ (1988) Directional selection
       and the evolution of breeding date in birds. Science 240: 798–799.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Dunn PO, Winkler DW (1999) Climate change has affected the
       breeding date of tree swallows throughout North America. Proc R Soc
       B 266: 2487–2490.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Crick HQP (2004) The impact of climate change on birds. Ibis
       146: 48–56.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Coulson T, Kruuk LEB, Tavecchia G, Pemberton JM, Clutton-Brock
       TH (2003) Estimating selection on neonatal traits in red deer using
       elasticity path analysis. Evolution 57: 2879–2892.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Reed TE, Warzybok P, Wilson AJ, Bradley RW, Wanless S, et al.
       (2009) Timing is everything: exible phenology and shifting
       selection in a colonial seabird. J Anim Ecol 78: 376–387.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Moyes K, Nussey DH, Clements MN, Guinness FE, Morris A, et al.
       (2011) Advancing breeding phenology in response to environmental
       change in a wild red deer population. Glob Chang Biol 17:
       2455–2469.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Clutton-Brock TH, Albon SD, Guinness FE (1989) Fitness costs of
       gestation and lactation in wild mammals. Nature 337: 260–262.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Van Noordwijk AJ, McCleery RH, Perrins CM (1995) Selection for
       the timing of great tit breeding in relation to caterpillar growth
       and temperature. J Anim Ecol 64: 451–458.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Devictor V, van Swaay C, Brereton T, Brotons L, Chamberlain D,
       et al. (2012) Differences in the climatic debts of birds and
       butteries at a continental scale. Nature Clim Change 2: 121–124.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Stenseth NC, Mysterud A (2002) Climate, changing phenology, and
       other life history traits: nonlinearity and matchmismatch to the
       environment. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 99: 13379–13381.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Visser ME, Both C, Lambrechts MM, A Moller WF (2004) Global
       climate change leads to mistimed avian reproduction. Adv Ecol Res
       35: 89–110.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Przybylo R, Sheldon BC, Merilä J (2000) Climatic effects on
       breeding and morphology: evidence for phenotypic plasticity. J Anim
       Ecol 69: 395–403.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Nussey DH, Postma E, Gienapp P, Visser M (2005) Selection on
       heritable phenotypic plasticity in a wild bird population. Science
       310: 304–306.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Visser ME, Both C (2005) Shifts in phenology due to global
       climate change: the need for a yardstick. Proc R Soc B 272:
       2561–2569.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Reed TE, Waples RS, Schindler DE, Hard JJ, Kinnison MT (2010)
       Phenotypic plasticity and population viability: the importance of
       environmental predictability. Proc R Soc B 277: 3391–3400.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Lambrechts MM, Blondel J, Maistre M, Perret P (1997) A single
       response mechanism is responsible for evolutionary adaptive
       variation in a birds laying date. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 94:
       5153–5155.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Goldman BD (2001) Mammalian photoperiodic system: formal
       properties and neuroendocrine mechanisms of photoperiodic time
       measurement. J Biol Rhythm 16: 283–301.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Dawson A, King VM, Bentley GE, Ball GF (2001) Photoperiodic
       control of seasonality in birds. J Biol Rhythm 16: 365–380.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. Visser ME, Schaper SV, Holleman LJM, Dawson A, Sharp P, et al.
       (2011) Genetic variation in cue sensitivity involved in avian
       timing of reproduction. Funct Ecol 25: 868–877.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Caro SP, Schaper SV, Hut RA, Ball GF, Visser ME (2013) The case
       of the missing mechanism: how does temperature influence seasonal
       timing in endotherms? PLoS Biol 11: e1001517.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. Gienapp P, Teplitsky C, Alho JS, Mills JA, Merilä J (2008)
       Climate change and evolution: disentangling environmental and
       genetic responses. Mol Ecol 17: 167–178.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Visser ME, van Noordwijk AJ, Tinbergen JM, Lessells CM (1998)
       Warmer springs lead to mistimed reproduction in great tits (Parus
       major). Proc R Soc B 265: 1867–1870.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Post E, Forchhammer MC (2008) Climate change reduces
       reproductive success of an Arctic herbivore through trophic
       mismatch. Philos Trans R Soc Lond B Biol Sci 363: 2369–2375.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Kerby JT, Post E (2013) Advancing plant phenology and reduced
       herbivore production in a terrestrial system associated with sea
       ice decline. Nat Commun 4: 2514.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Bronson FH (1989) Mammalian reproductive biology. Chicago:
       University of Chicago Press.
   33. 33. Gaillard JM, Delorme D, Jullien JM, Tatin D (1993) Timing and
       synchrony of birth in roe deer. J Mammal 74: 738–744.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Linnell JDC, Andersen R (1998) Timing and synchrony of birth in
       a hider species, the roe deer Capreolus capreolus. J Zool 244:
       497–504.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Plard F, Gaillard JM, Bonenfant C, Hewison AJM, Delorme D, et
       al. (2013) Parturition date for a given female is highly repeatable
       within five roe deer populations. Biol Lett 9: 20120841.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Aitken R (1975) Ultrastructure of blastocyst and endometrium of
       roe deer Capreolus capreolus during delayed implantation. J Anat
       119: 369–384.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Lu W, Meng QJ, Tyler NJC, Stokkan KA, Loudon ASI (2010) A
       circadian clock is not required in an Arctic mammal. Curr Biol 20:
       533–537.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Sempéré AJ, Blanvillain C, Mauget R, Chemineau P (1993) Deer in
       China: biology and management. In N. Ohtaishi and H.I. Sheng eds.
       The role of the photoperiod in the sexual cycle in female roe deer
       (Capreolus capreolus). pp. 364–371.
   39. 39. Réale D, Berteaux D, McAdam AG, Boutin S (2003) Lifetime
       selection on heritable life-history traits in a natural population
       of red squirrels. Evolution 57: 2416–2423.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Feder C, Martin JGA, Festa-Bianchet M, Bérubé C, Jorgenson J
       (2008) Never too late? Consequences of late birthdate for mass and
       survival of bighorn lambs. Oecologia 156: 773–781.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Fisher RA (1930) The genetical theory of natural selection.
       Oxford, UK: The Clarendon Press.
   42. 42. Plard F, Gaillard JM, Coulson T, Hewison AJM, Delorme D, et al.
       (in press) Long-lived and heavier females give birth earlier in roe
       deer. Ecography
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Ellner S, Rees M (2006) Integral projection models for species
       with complex demography. Am Nat 167: 410–428.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Coulson T (2012) Integral projections models, their
       construction and use in posing hypotheses in ecology. Oikos 121:
       1337–1350.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Gaillard JM, Andersen R, Delorme D, Linnell JDC (1998) Family
       effects on growth and survival of juvenile roe deer. Ecology 79:
       2878–2889.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Hewison AJM, Andersen R, Gaillard JM, Linnell JDC, Delorme D
       (1999) Contradictory findings in studies of sex ratio variation in
       roe deer (Capreolus capreolus). Behav Ecol Sociobiol 45: 339–348.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Tuljapurkar S (1989) An uncertain life: demography in random
       environments. Theor Popul Biol 35: 227–294.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Schwartz MD, Ahas R, Aasa A (2006) Onset of spring starting
       earlier across the Northern Hemisphere. Glob Chang Biol 12:
       343–351.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Ozgul A, Childs DZ, Oli MK, Armitage KB, Blumstein DT, et al.
       (2010) Coupled dynamics of body mass and population growth in
       response to environmental change. Nature 466: 482–485.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Gaillard JM, Hewison AJM, Klein F, Plard F, Douhard M, et al.
       (2013) How does climate change influence demographic processes of
       widespread species? Lessons from the comparative analysis of
       contrasted populations of roe deer. Ecol Lett 16: 48–57.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Burthe S, Butler A, Searle KR, Hall SJ, Thackeray SJ, et al.
       (2011) Demographic consequences of increased winter births in a
       large aseasonally breeding mammal (Bos taurus) in response to
       climate change. J Anim Ecol 80: 1134–1144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. Reed TE, Jenouvrier S, Visser ME (2012) Phenological mismatch
       strongly affects individual fitness but not population demography
       in a woodland passerine. J Anim Ecol 82: 131–144.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Reed TE, Grotan V, Jenouvrier S, Saether BE, Visser ME (2013)
       Population growth in a wild bird is buffered against phenological
       mismatch. Science 340: 488–491.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   54. 54. Thomas DW, Blondel J, Perret P, Lambrechts MM, Speakman JR
       (2001) Energetic and fitness costs of mismatching resource supply
       and demand in seasonally breeding birds. Science 291: 2598–2600.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Merilä J, Sheldon BC, Kruuk LEB (2001) Explaining stasis:
       microevolutionary studies in natural populations. Genetica 112–113:
       199–222.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   56. 56. Sandell M (1990) The evolution of seasonal delayed
       implantation. Q Rev Biol 65: 23–42.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   57. 57. Charmantier A, McCleery RH, Cole LR, Perrins C, Kruuk LEB, et
       al. (2008) Adaptive phenotypic plasticity in response to climate
       change in a wild bird population. Science 320: 800–803.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. Clements MN, Clutton-Brock TH, Albon SD, Pemberton JM, Kruuk LE
       (2011) Gestation length variation in a wild ungulate. Funct Ecol
       25: 691–703.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   59. 59. Andersen R, Duncan P, Linnell JDC (1998) The European Roe Deer:
       the biology of Success. Oslo, Norway: Scandinavian University
       Press.
   60. 60. Delorme D, Gaillard JM, Jullien JM (1988) Intérêt de l'étude de
       la période juvénile pour le suivi de l'évolution d'une population
       de chevreuils (Capreolus capreolus). Gibier Faune Sauvage 5: 15–26.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   61. 61. Jullien JM, Delorme D, Gaillard JM (1992) Détermination de
       l'âge chez le faon de chevreuil (Capreolus capreolus) dans son
       premier mois de vie. Mammalia 56: 307–311.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   62. 62. Pettorelli N, Gaillard JM, Yoccoz NG, Duncan P, Maillard D, et
       al. (2005) The response of fawn survival to changes in habitat
       quality varies according to cohort quality and spatial scale. J
       Anim Ecol 74: 972–981.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Lebreton JD, Burnham KP, Clobert J, Anderson DR (1992) Modeling
       survival and testing biological hypotheses using marked animals: a
       unified approach with case studies. Ecol Monogr 62: 67–118.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Bonhomme R (2000) Bases and limits to using ‘degree.day’ units.
       Eur J Agron 13: 1–10.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Falconer DS, Mackay TFC (1996) Introduction to quantitative
       genetics. Longman.

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]

Related PLOS Articles

     * Will Roe Deer Persist in a Warmer World?

   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Deer
       Is the Subject Area "Deer" applicable to this article? (BUTTON) Yes
       (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Spring (season)
       Is the Subject Area "Spring (season)" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * France
       Is the Subject Area "France" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Mammals
       Is the Subject Area "Mammals" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Population growth
       Is the Subject Area "Population growth" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Birds
       Is the Subject Area "Birds" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Heredity
       Is the Subject Area "Heredity" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Understanding climate change from a global analysis of city analogues

     * Jean-Francois Bastin ,
       Roles Conceptualization, Formal analysis, Methodology, Supervision,
       Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       * E-mail: bastin.jf@gmail.com
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0003-2602-7247
       ⨯
     * Emily Clark,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Thomas Elliott,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Simon Hart,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Plant Ecology, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Johan van den Hoogen,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6624-8461
       ⨯
     * Iris Hordijk,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-6302-6254
       ⨯
     * Haozhi Ma,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Sabiha Majumder,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Gabriele Manoli,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Civil, Environmental and Geomatic
       Engineering, Institute of Environmental Engineering, ETH Zürich,
       Zürich, Switzerland
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9245-2877
       ⨯
     * Julia Maschler,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Lidong Mo,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Devin Routh,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Kailiang Yu,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Constantin M. Zohner,
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯
     * Thomas W. Crowther
       Roles Writing – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Crowther Lab, Department of Environmental Systems
       Science, Institute of Integrative Biology, ETH Zürich, Zürich,
       Switzerland
       ⨯

Understanding climate change from a global analysis of city analogues

     * Jean-Francois Bastin,
     * Emily Clark,
     * Thomas Elliott,
     * Simon Hart,
     * Johan van den Hoogen,
     * Iris Hordijk,
     * Haozhi Ma,
     * Sabiha Majumder,
     * Gabriele Manoli,
     * Julia Maschler

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: July 10, 2019
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (3)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Fig 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4

Abstract

   Combating climate change requires unified action across all sectors of
   society. However, this collective action is precluded by the ‘consensus
   gap’ between scientific knowledge and public opinion. Here, we test the
   extent to which the iconic cities around the world are likely to shift
   in response to climate change. By analyzing city pairs for 520 major
   cities of the world, we test if their climate in 2050 will resemble
   more closely to their own current climate conditions or to the current
   conditions of other cities in different bioclimatic regions. Even under
   an optimistic climate scenario (RCP 4.5), we found that 77% of future
   cities are very likely to experience a climate that is closer to that
   of another existing city than to its own current climate. In addition,
   22% of cities will experience climate conditions that are not currently
   experienced by any existing major cities. As a general trend, we found
   that all the cities tend to shift towards the sub-tropics, with cities
   from the Northern hemisphere shifting to warmer conditions, on average
   ~1000 km south (velocity ~20 km.year^-1), and cities from the tropics
   shifting to drier conditions. We notably predict that Madrid’s climate
   in 2050 will resemble Marrakech’s climate today, Stockholm will
   resemble Budapest, London to Barcelona, Moscow to Sofia, Seattle to San
   Francisco, Tokyo to Changsha. Our approach illustrates how complex
   climate data can be packaged to provide tangible information. The
   global assessment of city analogues can facilitate the understanding of
   climate change at a global level but also help land managers and city
   planners to visualize the climate futures of their respective cities,
   which can facilitate effective decision-making in response to on-going
   climate change.

   Citation: Bastin J-F, Clark E, Elliott T, Hart S, van den Hoogen J,
   Hordijk I, et al. (2019) Understanding climate change from a global
   analysis of city analogues. PLoS ONE 14(7): e0217592.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592

   Editor: Juan A. Añel, Universidade de Vigo, SPAIN

   Received: February 14, 2019; Accepted: May 8, 2019; Published: July 10,
   2019

   Copyright: © 2019 Bastin et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its
   Supporting Information files.

   Funding: Author TWC is supported by grant from DOB Ecology. The funders
   had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to
   publish, or preparation of the manuscript. The authors received no
   specific funding for this work.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   The gap between the scientific and public understanding of climate
   change, referred to as the “Consensus Gap”, is largely attributed to
   failures in climate change communication[1]. Often limited to ad-hoc
   reporting of extreme weather events or intangible, long-term climate
   impacts (e.g. changes in average temperature by 2100). Despite an
   exhaustive list of risks associated to climate change [2] (e.g. heat
   stress, air and water quality, food supply, distribution of vectors of
   diseases, social factors), the intangible nature of reporting on
   climate change fails to adequately convey the urgency of this issue to
   a public audience on a consistent basis[3]. It is hard for most people
   to envision how an additional 2°C of warming might affect daily life.
   This ineffective communication of climate change facts, compounded by
   uncertainty about the extent of expected changes, has left the door
   open for widespread misinterpretation about the existence of this
   global phenomenon.

   History has repeatedly shown us that data and facts alone do not
   inspire humans to change their beliefs or act [3]. Increased scientific
   literacy has no correlation with the acceptance of climate change facts
   [4]. A growing body of research demonstrates that visualization—the
   ability to create a mental image of the problem—is the most effective
   approach for motivating behavior change [5,6]. Several studies have
   analyzed ‘geographic shifts’ to better illustrate climate change. For
   example, Seidel and colleagues (2008) [7,8] showed that climate change
   has driven a widening of the tropical belt, by ~2 to 4.8 latitudinal
   degrees in recent decades. Similarly, the changing conditions of cities
   around the world provides another tangible example of shifting climate
   regimes. Given that over 50% of the global population exists within
   cities [9], these urban environments potentially valuable tool to
   visualize the impact of climate change at a global scale. As iconic
   locations, cities are associated with distinct sets of environmental
   conditions. As such, shifts in the climate conditions of these urban
   areas could provide a unique opportunity for people to visualize the
   impacts of climate change, and to establish effective response
   strategies to address the effects.

   Several studies [10–15] and press reports [16,17] have shown that the
   use of ‘cities geographic shift’ or “city analogues” can help to
   understand and visualize the effects of climate change. In particular,
   cities can serve as useful climate analog, enabling people to visualize
   their own climate future via comparison with other cities that
   currently experience those climate conditions. However, until now,
   existing research have been focused on regional- or continent-scale
   analyses in North America or Europe [10–15], and we lack a unifying
   global perspective. These regional trends suggest that cities are
   likely to resemble those at lower latitudes as the climate continues to
   warm. However, it remains unclear if this trend holds at a global
   scale, as other climate drivers such as changing precipitation regimes
   may obscure these latitudinal trends. As such, Southern Hemisphere or
   tropical cities, which already exist in warm conditions and are likely
   to experience considerable changes in precipitation and extreme climate
   variation, may show independent geographic shifts under changing
   climate conditions. Generating a unified understanding of the shifts in
   the climate conditions of the world’s cities is critical if we are
   going to visualize the impacts of climate change in any biogeographic
   region. Generating this understanding requires a global perspective and
   the use of a full range of climate variables to represent the entire
   climate regime of those regions.

   In this study, we evaluate the global shifts in the climate conditions
   of cities by taking current climate data for the world’s 520 major
   cities (Current Cities), and project what they will most closely
   resemble in 2050 (Future Cities). Rather than describing the
   quantitative changes in climate variables [18], we propose to quantify
   city climate analogs at a global scale [10–12], i.e. assessing which
   Current Cities will most closely resemble the climate conditions of
   Future Cities. To tackle previous limitations, we explore these
   patterns at a global scale using 19 bioclimatic variables, to include
   climate variability and seasonality in addition to climate averages.

   Specifically, we aim to test three questions: (i) What proportion of
   the world’s major cities of the future most closely resemble their own
   current climate conditions vs. the climate conditions of other cities
   in different geographic regions? (ii) What proportion of cities will
   experience novel climate conditions that are outside the range
   experiences by cities today? (iii) If cities do shift their climate
   conditions, is this spatial shift uniform in direction across the
   planet?

Materials and methods

Selection of major cities

   We selected these “major” cities of the world from the “LandScan (2016)
   High Resolution global Population Data Set” created by the Oak Ridge
   National Laboratory [19]. By “major” cities, we considered cities that
   are an administrative capital or that account more than 1,000,000
   inhabitants. In total, 520 cities were selected.

The climate database

   To characterize the current climate conditions among these major cities
   of the world, we extracted 19 bioclimatic variables from the latest
   Worldclim global raster layers (Version 2; period 1970–2000) at 30
   arc-seconds resolution [20]. These variables captured various climatic
   conditions, including yearly averages, seasonality metrics, and monthly
   extremes for both precipitation and temperature at every location.

Future data: GCMs, downscaling and future scenarios

   For the future projections, the same 19 bioclimatic variables were
   averaged from the outputs of three general circulation models (GCM)
   commonly used in ecology [21,22]. Two Community Earth System Models
   (CESMs) were chosen as they investigate a diverse set of earth-system
   interactions: the CESM1 BGC (a coupled carbon–climate model accounting
   for carbon feedback from the land) and the CESM1 CAM5 (a community
   atmosphere model) [21]. Additionally, the Earth System component of the
   Met Office Hadley Centre HadGEM2 model family was used as the third and
   final model [22]. To generate the data, we chose Representative Common
   Pathway 4.5 (RCP 4.5) scenario from the Coupled Model Intercomparison
   Project Phase 5 (CMIP5) as the input. It is a stabilization scenario,
   meaning that it accounts for a stabilization of radiative forcing
   before 2100, anticipating the development of new technologies and
   strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions [23]. By using this
   optimistic climate change scenario, we represent conservative changes
   in climate conditions that are likely to occur even if substantial
   climate change mitigation occurs. For each output, a delta downscaling
   method developed by the CGIAR Research Program on Climate Change,
   Agriculture and Food Security (CCAFS) was applied to reach a resolution
   of 30 arc-seconds [24], using current conditions Worldclim 1.4 as a
   reference. Downscaling approach were necessary to assess climate
   conditions at the cities’ scale even if it induces a risk of pixel
   mismatch and consequently, a lower level of confidence for local scale
   analyses [25,26].

Summarizing the current climate among the major cities through a principal
component analysis

   The 19 current and future bioclimatic variables were extracted from the
   coordinates of the 520 major cities (i.e., the city centroids), meaning
   each city had two sets of bioclimatic metrics: the current climate data
   for the world’s major cities (Current Cities) and the equivalent 2050
   projection (Future Cities) according to the average of the three RCP
   4.5 GCMs.

   A scaled principal components analysis (PCA) was performed on current
   bioclimatic data in order to account for correlation between climate
   variables and to standardize their contributions to the subsequent
   dissimilarity analysis [27]. As the first four principal components
   accounted for more than 85% of the total variation of climate data
   (40.2%, 26.9%, 10.5% and 7.6%, respectively), the remaining principal
   components were dropped from later analyses. The main contributing
   variables to the four components are the temperature seasonality (axis
   1), the minimum temperature of the coldest month (axis 1), the maximum
   temperature of the warmest month (axis 2), the precipitation
   seasonality (axis 2), the precipitation of the driest (axis 4) and of
   the wettest (axis 3) month, and the temperature diurnal range (axis 4,
   Fig 1).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Distribution of current and future cities along the first 4
   principal component axes.

   The seven major climate variables contributing to the Principal
   Component Analysis (PCA) are superposed on each figure. The figure at
   the top (a) shows the distribution of current (blue) and future (red)
   cities on the space defined by the first two principal components. The
   first two axes explain, respectively, 40.2 and 26.9% of climate
   variations. The first axis is mainly driven by differences in
   temperature seasonality and in minimum temperature of the coldest
   month, while the second axis is mainly driven by differences in
   precipitation seasonality. The figure at the bottom (b) shows the same
   current (green) and future (orange) cities on the space defined by the
   third and fourth principal components. They explain respectively 10.5
   and 7.6% of climate variations. The third axis is mainly driven by
   changes in precipitation of the wet season, while the fourth axis is
   mainly driven by changes in the mean diurnal temperature range.
   Boxplots illustrates the distribution of the points along each of the 4
   axes. The continuous line in the boxes represents the median of the
   distribution, the extremities of the boxes the 1^st and the 3^rd
   quartile and the continuous lines go up to 1.5 times the difference
   between the 3^st and the 1^rd quartile.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g001

Calculating the extent of the covered climate domain

   For further interpretation of the results, a convex hull was computed
   from the coordinates of the Current Cities within the multivariate
   space defined by the first four principal components axes [28]. For
   reference, a convex hull of a set of N-dimensional points forms the
   smallest possible hypervolume (in N-dimensions) containing all points
   defined in that set; in this case, it defines the bounds of climatic
   combinations that Earth currently experiences in these 520 cities. All
   Future Cities falling outside the hypervolume of this convex hull
   represent currently non-existent bioclimatic assemblies in these
   cities, i.e. cities with no current climate analog [29].

Pairing cities based on the similarity between current and future climate
conditions

   Euclidean distances (i.e., dissimilarity indices) were calculated for
   every combination of Current and Future City based on their coordinates
   within the multivariate space defined by the first four principal
   components axes, creating a symmetric dissimilarity matrix with
   pairwise comparisons for all cities (S1 Table). The Euclidean distance
   was calculated using the vegan package on R (RCran version 3.3.2) [30].
   Each Future City was then paired with its three closest Current Cities
   based on the dissimilarity values (S1 Table, S2 Table). Three cities
   are kept for each Future city in order to facilitate comparison between
   Current and Future climate, as all cities are not necessarily known by
   the reader. To avoid un-realistic shifts or shifts due to pixel
   mismatch between Current and Future climate conditions, the final
   analysis was performed keeping shift values between the 5^th and the
   95^th percentile, i.e. keeping 477 out of the original 520 cities.

Calculating the absolute latitudinal shift

   To illustrate and summarize the shifts between Current and Future
   Cities, we calculated the importance of absolute latitudinal shift for
   each city. Shifts in latitude were standardized for both hemisphere, so
   that a shift south in the northern hemisphere is equal to a shift north
   in the southern hemisphere, i.e. referred as the absolute latitudinal
   shift. In other words, the absolute latitudinal shift expresses a
   geographic shift in relation to the equatorial line (shifting away from
   or towards the equator).

   Analyses and figures were performed using R, maps were built using
   Q-GIS 3.0.

Results

Analysis of changes between current and future cities from the PCA

   The future climate of each city was projected within the four principal
   components (using the PCA eigenvectors derived from the bioclimatic
   variables of the current climate) to allow for direct comparison
   between Current and Future Cities (Fig 1). On the plane defined by the
   first two components of the PCA (Fig 1A), explaining respectively 40.2
   and 26.9% of climate variations, we observe changes towards less
   temperature seasonality, with higher maximal and minimal temperatures
   during the year, as well as higher precipitation seasonality, with
   higher precipitation in the wettest month but lower precipitation in
   the driest one. While no clear trend can be observed along the third
   axis (10.5% of climate variation), the changes along the fourth axis
   (7.6% of climate variation) show higher temperature diurnal range (Fig
   1B), i.e. the daily difference between cities’ maximum and minimum
   temperatures will increase. In brief, cities of the world become
   hotter, in particular during the winter and the summer. Wet seasons
   become wetter and dry season drier.

What proportion of cities will resemble their own current climate vs. other
cities by 2050?

   We characterized the climate of the world’s 520 major cities using 19
   climatic variables that reflect the variability in temperature and
   precipitation regimes for current and future conditions. Future
   conditions are estimated using an optimistic Representative
   Concentration Pathway (RCP4.5), which considers a stabilization of
   CO[2]emissions by mid-century (see Material and Methods). This model
   was chosen to show the extent of the changes we would be facing even
   considering the implementation of effective mitigation policies. Using
   a multivariate analysis, we analyzed the climate similarity of all
   Current and Future cities to one another (S1 Table). This simple
   analysis enables us to estimate which major cities of the world will
   remain relatively similar, and which will shift to reflect the climate
   of another city by 2050. Overall, our analysis shows that 77% of the
   world’s Current Cities will experience a striking change in climate
   conditions, making them more similar to the conditions of another
   existing city than they are to their own current climate conditions (S1
   Table, S2 Table). The climate conditions of remaining 23% of cities
   remained most closely associated with their current climate conditions.

What proportion of cities will experience novel climate conditions?

   Overall 78% of the 520 Future Cities studied present a climate within
   the hypervolume representing covered combinations of climate
   conditions. Therefore, 22% of the Future Cities’ climate conditions
   would disappear from this current climatic domain (Fig 2A). As such,
   22% of the world’s cities are likely to exist in a climatic regime that
   does current exist on the planet today. The situation is even more
   pronounced in the tropics, with 30% of cities experiencing novel
   climate conditions essentially because the climate will get drier.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Extent of climate changes in major cities of the world by 2050.

   a, b, the extent of change in climate conditions. Cities predicted to
   have climates that no major city has experienced before are colored in
   red (mostly within the tropics). Cities for which future climate
   conditions reflect current conditions in other major cities of the
   world are shown in green. The size of the dots represents the magnitude
   of change between current and future climate conditions. b, The
   proportion of cities shifting away from the covered climate domain
   (concentrated in the tropics). c,d, The extent of latitudinal shifts in
   relation to the equatorial line. Cities shifting towards the equator
   are colored with a blue gradient (mostly outside the tropics), while
   cities shifting away from the equator are colored with a yellow to red
   gradient (mostly within the tropics). d, A summary of the shift by
   latitude is illustrated in a barchart, with shifts averaged by bins of
   5 degrees. The background of the maps are a combination rasters
   available in the public domain, i.e. of USGS shaded relief only and
   hydro cached.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g002

Is this spatial shift uniform in direction across the planet?

   The proportion of shifting cities varied consistently across the world.
   Cities in northern latitudes will experience the most dramatic shifts
   in extreme temperature conditions (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). For example,
   across Europe, both summers and winters will get warmer, with average
   increases of 3.5°C and 4.7°C, respectively. These changes would be
   equivalent to a city shifting ~1,000 km further south towards the
   subtropics, i.e. a velocity ~20 km.year^-1, under current climate
   conditions (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). Consequently, by 2050, striking changes
   will be observed across the northern hemisphere: Madrid’s climate in
   2050 will be more similar to the current climate in Marrakech than to
   Madrid’s climate today; London will be more similar to Barcelona,
   Stockholm to Budapest; Moscow to Sofia; Portland to San Antonio, San
   Francisco to Lisbon, Tokyo to Changsha, etc(Fig 3, S2 Table).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Future cities and similar current climate counterpart.

   Difference between future and current climate for four cities and an
   example of their similar current counterpart. Illustration of the
   results of the analysis for London (a; counterpart: Barcelona), Buenos
   Aires (b; counterpart: Sidney), Nairobi (c; counterpart:Beirut) and
   Portland (d; counterpart:San Antonio). The red bar represents the
   difference between the current climate of the city of interest (e.g.
   London in (a)) and the current climate of the city to which the city of
   interest (e.g. London in (a)) will have the most similar climate by
   2050 (e.g. Barcelona in (a)). The yellow bar the difference between the
   current and future climate of the city of interest (e.g. current London
   and London 2050 in (a)). The green bar represents the difference
   between the future climate of the city of interest (London 2050) and
   the current climate of the most similar counterpart (e.g. Barcelona in
   (a)). Images of Barcelona and London were obtained on Pixabay, shared
   under common creative CC0 license.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g003

   Cities in the tropical regions will experience smaller changes in
   average temperature, relative to the higher latitudes. However, shifts
   in rainfall regimes will dominate the tropical cities. This is
   characterized by both increases in extreme precipitation events (+5%
   rainfall wettest month) and, the severity and intensity of droughts
   (-14% rainfall driest month). With more severe droughts, tropical
   cities will move towards the subtropics, i.e. towards drier climates
   (Fig 2C and Fig 2D). However, the fate of major tropical cities remains
   highly uncertain because many tropical regions will experience
   unprecedented climate conditions. Specifically, of all 22% of cities
   that will experience novel climate conditions, most (64%) are located
   in the tropics. These include Manaus, Libreville, Kuala Lumpur,
   Jakarta, Rangoon, and Singapore (Fig 2A and Fig 2B, S2 Table).

   In summary, at a global level, we observe a global geographic shift
   towards the subtropics, i.e. towards ~20 degrees of latitude (Fig 2B
   and Fig 4).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Latitudinal shift of cities relative to their distance to the
   equator (in degrees).

   Cities below 20 degrees North/South tend to move away from the equator
   (positive latitudinal shift) while cities beyond 20 degrees North/South
   tend to move closer to the equator (negative latitudinal shift). Cities
   are colored according to the aggregated ecoregion of the world [36] to
   which they belong, with the tropical in red, the subtropical in orange,
   the temperate in green and the boreal in blue.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.g004

Discussion

   Our analysis reveals consistent global patterns in the climate shifts
   of future major cities around the world over the next 30 years. Despite
   our use of a highly optimistic climate change scenario (i.e. RCP 4.5),
   we show that the climate conditions of over 77% of world’s major cities
   will change to such a great extent that they will resemble more closely
   the conditions of another major city. The projected shifts showed
   consistent biogeographic trends, with all city climates (both southern
   and northern hemisphere) generally shifting towards the conditions in
   warmer, low-latitude regions. The extent and consistency of these
   patterns provides a stark reminder of the global scale of this climate
   change threat and associated risks for human health. In contrast to
   previous analyses, our analysis also reveals that 22% of the world’s
   cities are likely to exist in a climatic regime that does not current
   exist on the planet today. These trends highlight the extreme
   vulnerability of tropical and sub-tropical cities, 30% of which will
   experience shifts into entirely novel climate regimes with no existing
   analogues across the world’s major cities. This lends support to the
   idea of novel climates, which are expected to emerge in many tropical
   and sub-tropical regions [29]. It should be noted that, by defining the
   climate envelope using a convex-hull (i.e. by defining a volume from
   simplices (“triangles”) that form the smallest convex simplicial
   complex of a set of input points in 4-dimensional space), we applied a
   conservative method for evaluating future change. Indeed, because it
   includes the smallest level of extrapolation and generating the
   smallest possible shapes, this approach has a low-risk of incorrectly
   identifying novel climate conditions, relative to a concave-hull
   approach [31]. However, this approach necessarily comes with the high
   likelihood of missing some novel climates. The 22% of cities
   experiencing a novel climate must therefore be seen as a highly
   conservative estimate.

   Our findings also support previous studies conducted in Europe [10,11]
   and north America [13], stressing the current trend of north-to-south
   geographical shift across the northern hemisphere. Yet, using an
   optimistic climate change scenario, we found that the velocity (i.e.
   the speed of geographical shift) risks to be higher in the near future
   than in the second half of the 21th century [10] passing from 15 km
   year^-1 to 20 km year^-1. Our study also allows the extension of such
   observations to the global scale, showing that observations for Europe
   can be generalized for the entire Northern Hemisphere and for a part of
   the southern hemisphere (Fig 2B). At the global scale, our study
   reveals that geographical shift tend to converge towards the subtropics
   (Fig 4), going to warmer climate conditions from boreal and temperate
   regions and to drier conditions from tropical regions. While this lends
   support to previous observations of a “tropical belt widening” due to
   the expected warmer conditions [7,8], it also shows that tropical
   biomes tend to shrink in many areas due to drier conditions. We
   therefore suggest here to refer to a “sub-tropical widening” compared
   to the previous “tropical widening” due to climate change.

   While our findings are necessarily dependent on the methodology used to
   identify the climatic shifts, it is widely recognized that the choice
   of the metric to assess the similarity-dissimilarity of the climate
   conditions between cities has an extremely minor effect, compared to
   the choice of the climate model and scenario[32]. That is, our results
   are unlikely to be affected whatever method we use to calculate
   dissimilarity, as the variation between climate projections is far
   greater. Nonetheless, Mahony and colleagues [31] highlighted the need
   to standardize the contribution of each climate variable to the
   dissimilarity matrix and to account for correlation between them to
   avoid any bias[31]. In the present study, we address this using a
   scaled principal component analysis to summarize the main bioclimatic
   variations among the 520 major cities. This approach simply follows
   classic dissimilarity analysis recommendations for ecological
   studies[27], applying an Euclidean distance matrix on the main
   dimensions of the principal component analysis to assess the similarity
   between cities. This method was preferred to the sigma-dissimilarity
   developed by Mahony and colleagues[31] for its simplicity and it broad
   use in ecological sciences.

   Our analysis allows us to visualize a tangible climate future of the
   world’s major cities. These results enable decision makers from all
   sectors of society, to envision changes that are likely to occur in
   their own city, within their own lifetime. Londoners, for example, can
   start to consider how their 2050 equivalents (e.g. Barcelona today)
   have taken action to combat their own environmental challenges. In
   2008, Barcelona experienced extreme drought conditions, which required
   the importation of €22m of drinking water. Since then, the municipal
   government has implemented a series of ‘smart initiatives‘ to manage
   the city’s water resources (including the control of park irrigation
   and water fountain levels). The Mayor of London has factored drought
   considerations into his Environment Strategy aims for 2050 [33], but
   this study can provide the context to facilitate the development of
   more targeted climate strategies. In addition, this information can
   also empower local citizens to evaluate proposed environmental
   policies. By allowing people to visualize their own climate futures, we
   hope that this information can facilitate efforts to mitigate and adapt
   to climate change.

   Our study is not a novel model revealing updated climate projections or
   expectations by 2050. Instead, our analysis is intended to illustrate
   how complex climate data can be effectively summarized into tangible
   information that can be easily interpreted by anyone. Of course, the
   climate scenarios that we have used are based on predictions from a few
   climate models, run under a single (business as usual) climate
   scenario. We recognize that these models are characterized by huge
   amounts of uncertainty [34], and the predicted Future Cities may change
   as these Earth System Models are refined, in particular in light of
   urban climate specificities [35]. However, our results are likely to
   reflect the qualitative direction of climate changes within cities and
   so meet our primary goal, which is to communicate predicted climate
   changes to a non-specialist audience in order to motivate action. When
   model projections are updated, we would recommend communicating any new
   results with this goal in mind.

Conclusion

   To our knowledge, our study represents the first global analysis of the
   shifts in climate conditions of the world’s major cities under climate
   change. Our analysis revealed that over 77% of the world’s cities are
   likely to experience a shift towards the climate conditions of another
   major city by 2050, while 22% will shift to climate conditions that are
   not currently present for any major cities on the planet. Across the
   globe, the direction of movement is generally trending towards the
   subtropics, providing unifying patterns that support trends observed in
   Europe and North America. In addition, this analysis revealed new
   insights for cities in equatorial regions, many of which are likely to
   move to entirely new climate conditions that are not currently
   experienced by any of the other global cities today. These city
   analogues, and the data we openly share, can help land managers and
   city planners to visualize the climate futures of their respective
   cities, facilitating efforts to establish targeted climate response
   strategies. As well as facilitating our basic understanding of climate
   change effects, our analysis highlights the value of using cities to
   visualize the tangible effects of climate change across the globe.

Supporting information

S1 Table. Dissimilarity between current and future climate of the major
cities of the world.

   The dissimilarity is expressed as the Euclidean distance matrix
   performed on the 4 main axes of the PCA analysis that summarizes the
   climate variation (19 bioclimatic variables) among the major cities of
   the world.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.s001

   (ODS)

S2 Table. Summary statistics of the global analysis of city analogues.

   The table provides the three cities for which current climate is the
   most similar to the future climate of each city. It also provides the
   associated latitudinal shift for the most similar city and the expected
   changes in climate conditions by 2050 for the mean annual temperature,
   the annual precipitations, the temperature of the warmest month, the
   temperature of the coldest month and the precipitation of the wettest
   month.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0217592.s002

   (ODS)

Acknowledgments

   This work was supported by grants to T.W.C. from DOB Ecology,
   Plant-for-the-Planet and the German Federal Ministry for Economic
   Cooperation and Development. Images of cities were obtained on Pixabay,
   and openly shared under CC0 common creative license.

References

    1. 1. Nisbet EC, Cooper KE, Garrett RK. The Partisan Brain. Suhay E,
       Druckman JN, editors. Ann Am Acad Pol Soc Sci. SAGE
       PublicationsSage CA: Los Angeles, CA; 2015;658: 36–66.
       https://doi.org/10.1177/0002716214555474
    2. 2. Haines A, Ebi K. The Imperative for Climate Action to Protect
       Health. Solomon CG, editor. N Engl J Med. 2019;380: 263–273.
       pmid:30650330
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Zaval L, Cornwell JFM. Effective education and communication
       strategies to promote environmental engagement. Eur J Educ.
       2017;52: 477–486.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Kahan DM. Climate-Science Communication and the Measurement
       Problem. Polit Psychol. Wiley/Blackwell (10.1111); 2015;36: 1–43.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Marx SM, Weber EU, Orlove BS, Leiserowitz A, Krantz DH, Roncoli
       C, et al. Communication and mental processes: Experiential and
       analytic processing of uncertain climate information. Glob Environ
       Chang. Pergamon; 2007;17: 47–58.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Sheppard SRJ. Visualizing Climate Change. Routledge; 2012.
       https://doi.org/10.4324/9781849776882
    7. 7. Seidel DJ, Fu Q, Randel WJ, Reichler TJ. Widening of the
       tropical belt in a changing climate. Nat Geosci. Nature Publishing
       Group; 2008;1: 21–24.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Lu J. Tropical expansion by ocean swing. Nat Geosci. Nature
       Publishing Group; 2014;7: 250–251.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. United Nations. World Urbanization Prospects: The 2018 Revision,
       Key Facts. 2018. (ST/ESA/SER.A/366)
   10. 10. Beniston M. European isotherms move northwards by up to 15 km
       year −1: using climate analogues for awareness-raising. Int J
       Climatol. Wiley-Blackwell; 2014;34: 1838–1844.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Rohat G, Goyette S, Flacke J. Twin climate cities—an
       exploratory study of their potential use for awareness-raising and
       urban adaptation. Mitig Adapt Strateg Glob Chang. Springer
       Netherlands; 2017;22: 929–945.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Rohat G, Goyette S, Flacke J. Characterization of European
       cities’ climate shift–an exploratory study based on climate
       analogues. Int J Clim Chang Strateg Manag. 2018;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Fitzpatrick MC, Dunn RR. Contemporary climatic analogs for 540
       North American urban areas in the late 21st century. Nat Commun.
       Nature Publishing Group; 2019;10: 614. pmid:30755612
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Kopf S, Ha-Duong M, Hallegatte S. Using maps of city analogues
       to display and interpret climate change scenarios and their
       uncertainty. Nat Hazards Earth Syst Sci. 2008;8: 905–918.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Hallegatte S, Hourcade J-C, Ambrosi P. Using climate analogues
       for assessing climate change economic impacts in urban areas. Clim
       Change. Kluwer Academic Publishers; 2007;82: 47–60.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Vox. Climate change report 2018 cities 2050 [Internet]. 2018.
       Available:
       https://www.vox.com/energy-and-environment/2018/11/30/18117953/clim
       ate-change-report-2018-cities-2050
   17. 17. Central C. Summer temperatures co2 emissions 1001 cities. In:
       2018 [Internet]. Available:
       https://www.climatecentral.org/news/summer-temperatures-co2-emissio
       ns-1001-cities-16583
   18. 18. IPCC. an IPCC special report on the impacts of global warming
       of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse
       gas emission pathways. 2018.
   19. 19. Bright EA, Rose AN, Urban ML, McKee JJ. LandScan 2016
       High-Resolution Global Population Data Set. 2017.
   20. 20. Fick SE, Hijmans RJ. WorldClim 2: new 1-km spatial resolution
       climate surfaces for global land areas. Int J Climatol. 2017;37:
       4302–4315.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Hurrell JW, Holland MM, Gent PR, Ghan S, Kay JE, Kushner PJ, et
       al. The Community Earth System Model: A Framework for Collaborative
       Research. Bull Am Meteorol Soc. American Meteorological Society;
       2013;94: 1339–1360.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Bellouin N, Collins WJ, Culverwell ID, Halloran PR, Hardiman
       SC, Hinton TJ, et al. The HadGEM2 family of Met Office Unified
       Model climate configurations. Geosci Model Dev. 2011;4: 723–757.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Thomson AM, Calvin K V., Smith SJ, Kyle GP, Volke A, Patel P,
       et al. RCP4.5: A pathway for stabilization of radiative forcing by
       2100. Clim Change. 2011;109: 77–94.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Ramirez Villegas J, Jarvis A. Downscaling Global Circulation
       Model Outputs: The Delta Method Decision and Policy Analysis
       Working Paper No. 1. International Center for Tropical Agriculture
       (CIAT); 2010;
   25. 25. Fowler HJ, Blenkinsop S, Tebaldi C. Linking climate change
       modelling to impacts studies: recent advances in downscaling
       techniques for hydrological modelling. Int J Climatol. John Wiley &
       Sons, Ltd; 2007;27: 1547–1578.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. Smid M, Costa AC. Climate projections and downscaling
       techniques: a discussion for impact studies in urban systems. Int J
       Urban Sci. Routledge; 2018;22: 277–307.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Legendre P, Legendre L, Legendre L, Legendre P. Numerical
       ecology. Elsevier; 2012.
   28. 28. Barber CB, Dobkin DP, Huhdanpaa H, Huhdanpaa H. The quickhull
       algorithm for convex hulls. ACM Trans Math Softw. ACM; 1996;22:
       469–483.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Williams JW, Jackson ST. Novel climates, no-analog communities,
       and ecological surprises. Front Ecol Environ. John Wiley & Sons,
       Ltd; 2007;5: 475–482.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Cormack RM, Legendre L, Legendre P. Numerical Ecology.
       Biometrics. Elsevier; 2006;40: 280. https://doi.org/10.2307/2530779
   31. 31. Mahony CR, Cannon AJ, Wang T, Aitken SN. A closer look at novel
       climates: new methods and insights at continental to landscape
       scales. Glob Chang Biol. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd (10.1111); 2017;23:
       3934–3955. pmid:28145063
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Grenier P, Parent A-C, Huard D, Anctil F, Chaumont D, Grenier
       P, et al. An Assessment of Six Dissimilarity Metrics for Climate
       Analogs. J Appl Meteorol Climatol. 2013;52: 733–752.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. London M of. London Environment Strategy. 2018;
       https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bbabio.2006.11.011
   34. 34. Woldemeskel FM, Sharma A, Sivakumar B, Mehrotra R.
       Quantification of precipitation and temperature uncertainties
       simulated by CMIP3 and CMIP5 models. J Geophys Res Atmos.
       Wiley-Blackwell; 2016;121: 3–17.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Zhao L, Lee X, Smith RB, Oleson K. Strong contributions of
       local background climate to urban heat islands. Nature. Nature
       Publishing Group; 2014;511: 216–219. pmid:25008529
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Olson DM, Dinerstein E, Wikramanayake ED, Burgess ND, Powell
       GVN, Underwood EC, et al. Terrestrial Ecoregions of the World: A
       New Map of Life on EarthA new global map of terrestrial ecoregions
       provides an innovative tool for conserving biodiversity.
       Bioscience. Oxford University Press; 2001;51: 933–938.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Climate change
       Is the Subject Area "Climate change" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Principal component analysis
       Is the Subject Area "Principal component analysis" applicable to
       this article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Northern Hemisphere
       Is the Subject Area "Northern Hemisphere" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Latitude
       Is the Subject Area "Latitude" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Europe
       Is the Subject Area "Europe" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Southern Hemisphere
       Is the Subject Area "Southern Hemisphere" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * North America
       Is the Subject Area "North America" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Urban areas
       Is the Subject Area "Urban areas" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
