   #alternate alternate Scorsese’s New Mob Epic, ‘The Irishman,’ Has
   Netflix and Theaters at Odds

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index
   Media
   (BUTTON) Log In
   (BUTTON)

   Log In
   Today’s Paper

   Media|Scorsese’s New Mob Epic, ‘The Irishman,’ Has Netflix and Theaters
   at Odds
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
     *
     *

   Advertisement

   Supported by

Scorsese’s New Mob Epic, ‘The Irishman,’ Has Netflix and Theaters at Odds

   Image With “The Irishman,” Al Pacino, left, in the red tie, shown here
   next to Robert De Niro, appears for the first time in a Scorsese movie.
   The film, which spans decades, uses special effects to “de-age” the
   actors.
   With “The Irishman,” Al Pacino, left, in the red tie, shown here next
   to Robert De Niro, appears for the first time in a Scorsese movie. The
   film, which spans decades, uses special effects to “de-age” the
   actors.CreditCreditNetflix

   By Nicole Sperling
     * Aug. 21, 2019
     *
          +
          +
          +
          + (BUTTON)
          +
          +

   LOS ANGELES — When Martin Scorsese signed with Netflix to make “The
   Irishman,” the star-studded epic scheduled to have its premiere on the
   opening night of the New York Film Festival next month, he put himself
   in the crossfire of the so-called streaming wars.

   The film, which may represent Mr. Scorsese’s grandest statement yet on
   the intersection of organized crime and American politics, is expected
   to be a strong contender in the 2020 Oscar race. He took his $159
   million movie, with Robert De Niro in the lead role, to Netflix after
   his home studio of recent years, Paramount Pictures, balked at the
   budget.

   The full extent of the theatrical rollout remains up in the air. Where,
   exactly, moviegoers will be able to see “The Irishman” won’t be clear
   until the discussions between Netflix and select major theater chains
   end. They have been dragging on for months. The negotiations are just
   the latest chapter in the conflict between the film industry’s old
   guard and the tech-driven upstarts.

   “The Irishman,” a throwback to the 1990s Scorsese hits “Goodfellas” and
   “Casino,” was announced more than a decade ago at Paramount, the studio
   where he made “The Wolf of Wall Street” and “Silence.”

   Mr. Scorsese struck the deal with Netflix in 2017, and filming started
   soon afterward. The film, which makes use of “de-aging” special effects
   to keep the actors looking the right ages in a saga that spans decades,
   is in the final stages of postproduction as the director works to get
   it done in time for its Sept. 27 festival premiere.

   In his ninth collaboration with Mr. Scorsese, Mr. De Niro plays the
   title character, Frank Sheeran, a hit man known as the Irishman who
   claimed he killed the Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa, whose body has never
   been found, in 1975. He is joined in the cast by the “Goodfellas” and
   “Casino” alumnus Joe Pesci, who came out of retirement to play the mob
   boss Russell Bufalino. Al Pacino — appearing for the first time in a
   film directed by Mr. Scorsese — portrays Hoffa.

   Scott Stuber, the head of Netflix’s film division, is leading talks for
   the streaming company with at least two large chains, AMC Theatres,
   which operates 11,000 screens worldwide, and Cineplex, the largest
   exhibitor in Canada, with over 1,600 screens, according to two people
   familiar with negotiations. Ted Sarandos, Netflix’s chief content
   officer and Mr. Stuber’s boss, has also taken part in the talks. The
   director has been pushing for a robust national theatrical release, two
   people with knowledge of Mr. Scorsese’s thinking said.

   Image Martin Scorsese’s next movie, “The Irishman,” a decade-spanning
   epic starring Robert De Niro, is coming soon from Netflix.
   Martin Scorsese’s next movie, “The Irishman,” a decade-spanning epic
   starring Robert De Niro, is coming soon from Netflix.CreditVictoria
   Will/Invision, via Associated Press

   Two other large chains, Regal and Cinemark, told The New York Times
   that they were not in discussions with Netflix over “The Irishman.”

   Adam Aron, the AMC chief executive, said in a statement, “Talks are
   underway with Netflix about our showing ‘The Irishman’ and other
   Netflix films, but the outcome of those conversations is not yet
   clear.”

   AMC and Cineplex are negotiating with Netflix separately, the people
   familiar with the talks said. A crucial sticking point has been the
   major chains’ insistence that the films they book must play in their
   theaters for close to three months while not being made available for
   streaming at the same time, which does not sit well with Netflix. Talks
   broke down in July, only to pick up again two weeks ago, the people
   said.

   Netflix, Mr. Scorsese and Cineplex declined to comment for this
   article.

   Because of the impasse over the three-month theatrical window, Netflix
   has yet to give any of its films the kind of blockbuster theatrical
   releases that companies like AMC can provide. The streaming giant’s
   reluctance to concern itself with weekend box-office numbers reflects
   its laser focus on its main mission: delivering streaming video on
   demand to its 151 million subscribers worldwide.

   Having built itself into an entertainment powerhouse by keeping its
   subscribers interested and coming back for more, the company does not
   want to be distracted by the demands of the old-style movie business,
   even as it makes deals with legendary filmmakers like Mr. Scorsese.

   “Netflix is in the subscriber happiness business,” said Richard
   Greenfield, a tech and media analyst. “They need to attract more
   members and make current members happier. ‘The Irishman’ is really
   important.”

   Many Netflix movies, like the Adam Sandler vehicle “Murder Mystery,”
   which Netflix said had 78 million household views in its first four
   weeks, seem made for living-room viewing. But Netflix has also come out
   with more ambitious offerings, like “Roma,” the meditative
   black-and-white film from the director Alfonso Cuarón. “Roma” won
   praise from critics on its way to three Oscars this year, for best
   director, best cinematography and best foreign language film.

   As Netflix’s movie division has matured, the company has softened its
   stance on theatrical distribution. Last year, it struck deals with
   independent movie houses and small theatrical chains like Landmark and
   Alamo Drafthouse, which have looser requirements than the big
   exhibitors on exclusive showings, for one-week runs of the Sandra
   Bullock thriller “Bird Box” and the Coen brothers’ western “The Ballad
   of Buster Scruggs” before they were made available for streaming.

   Image
   Netflix’s headquarters in Los Angeles. “The Irishman” offers a chance
   to give Netflix what “Roma” didn’t: a best picture Oscar.CreditHunter
   Kerhart for The New York Times

   For “Roma,” Netflix went further, giving it a 21-day theatrical release
   at the independent and small-chain theaters before its subscribers
   could watch it on devices or TV screens. Netflix has said there will be
   some kind of theatrical release for “The Irishman,” but has so far
   resisted going much beyond the 21 days it granted “Roma,” the people
   familiar with the talks said.

   When he agreed to make the film for Netflix, Mr. Scorsese was aware
   that a wide release was not guaranteed, but he chose the company
   because it was “actually making our movies, from a place of respect and
   love for cinema,” he said in an email to The Times last year.

   The trailer for “The Irishman,” released last month, has racked up
   millions of YouTube views, suggesting that it has greater commercial
   potential than “Roma.” The potential box-office revenue could be a boon
   for a company that has bet big on a single revenue stream, despite
   calls from Wall Street to diversify. Netflix stock fell by 12 percent
   last month after it reported its first decline in domestic subscribers
   since 2011.

   “While direct release of smaller budget films on Netflix makes economic
   sense, we believe franchise-oriented films will need to include
   theatrical release on a large scale to optimize returns,” the financial
   services company Barclays said in a January report.

   The coming Scorsese film also has a shot at the prize that eluded
   “Roma” despite Netflix’s costly awards campaign on its behalf: the
   Academy Award for best picture.

   Oscar eligibility is not much of a factor in how Netflix handles the
   rollout. To qualify for the Academy Awards, a film must have a
   seven-day run in a commercial theater in Los Angeles County, according
   to rules recently confirmed by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
   Sciences’ board of governors; it can even be shown on another platform
   at the same time. Still, there is an Academy contingent that may look
   askance at Netflix if it does not play by the old rules for a cinematic
   feature like “The Irishman.”

   Despite its craving for Oscar gold, Netflix does not want to be
   distracted from its core business — especially now that it will be
   challenged by the Walt Disney Company, which plans to unveil its Disney
   Plus streaming service Nov. 12, and Apple, which is starting its
   equivalent, Apple TV Plus, on an unspecified date this fall. Following
   those giants into the increasingly crowded digital-video marketplace
   will be WarnerMedia and Comcast, among others.

   In an effort to stay ahead of its current and future rivals, Netflix
   spent $12 billion on original content in 2018. While the company has
   paid large sums to star television producers like Ryan Murphy, Shonda
   Rhimes and the “Game of Thrones” duo David Benioff and D.B. Weiss, it
   has not stinted on its movie division, which made 55 films last year,
   not counting documentaries and animated movies, and has brought aboard
   A-list directors like Noah Baumbach, Ron Howard, Dee Rees, Steven
   Soderbergh and Guillermo del Toro.

   Image
   Ted Sarandos, left, Netflix’s chief content officer, and Alfonso
   Cuarón, the director of the Netflix film “Roma,” at the Vanity Fair
   Oscar Party in Beverly Hills in February.CreditDia Dipasupil/Getty
   Images

   Even as it works to add subscribers, Netflix cannot afford to alienate
   top filmmakers. Mr. Stuber is mindful that the way to keep the talent
   happy is to get their work on the big screen. He recently bolstered the
   Netflix film arm by hiring two distribution executives from 21st
   Century Fox, Spencer Klein and Pablo Rico.

   AMC and other large chains worry that if they grant Netflix a shorter
   theatrical window, they will have to do the same for other studios. In
   his statement, Mr. Aron added that he would be “delighted” to show
   Netflix movies, but he had a caveat: “We can only do so, however, on
   terms that respect AMC’s important and close relationships with our
   longstanding studio partners, including Disney, Warner Brothers,
   Universal, Sony, Paramount, Lionsgate and so many other filmmakers who
   are the lifeblood of our substantial business.”

   Some Hollywood executives have said the theater chains must adapt if
   the cinematic experience is going to compete with the convenience of
   streaming. “Both the studios and the exhibitors have to look at every
   aspect of how we do business together and figure out different
   paradigms to move it forward,” said Chris Aronson, the former chief
   distribution executive at Twentieth Century Fox.

   More than 95 percent of movies stop earning their keep in theaters at
   the 42-day mark, well short of the three-month window demanded by major
   chains, according to Mr. Aronson. That suggests the need for change, he
   said.

   “The movie theaters feel that if they blink at all, it will all blow
   up,” said Jeff Blake, the former chairman of worldwide marketing and
   distribution for Sony Pictures.

   Netflix’s unwillingness to promise wide releases has come with a cost.
   The company lost out on the rights to “Crazy Rich Asians,” the 2018
   romantic comedy that grossed nearly $240 million at worldwide box
   offices. The director, Jon M. Chu, and the author of the novel it was
   based on, Kevin Kwan, decided to go with Warner Bros., saying they
   wanted the movie to play in as many theaters as possible.

   Netflix’s stance has also put it at odds with the theatrical chain
   Regal, which said in a statement to The Times: “Currently, we are not
   in any discussion with Netflix on ‘The Irishman’ nor on any other
   movie. Of course, if Netflix will decide to respect the industry
   business model and release the movie with a proper theatrical window,
   we will be more than happy to discuss the booking of the movie in Regal
   theaters.”

   Mr. Scorsese directed another film for Netflix, “Rolling Thunder Revue:
   A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese,” a playful documentary released
   simultaneously in select theaters and on the streaming service in June,
   but he plans to make his next film, “Killers of the Flower Moon,”
   starring Leonardo DiCaprio, at Paramount.

   A version of this article appears in print on , Section B, Page 1 of
   the New York edition with the headline: An Offer They Can’t Refuse?
   Hardly. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

Related Coverage

Martin Scorsese’s ‘The Irishman’ Will Open the New York Film Festival

   July 29, 2019
   Image

‘The Irishman’ Trailer: De Niro, Pacino and Scorsese at Work

   July 31, 2019
   Image

Netflix Stock Tumbles as U.S. Subscribers Decrease After Price Increases

   July 17, 2019
   Image

Netflix’s Movie Blitz Takes Aim at Hollywood’s Heart

   Dec. 16, 2018
   Image

   Advertisement

Site Index

   Go to Home Page »

   news
     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

   opinion
     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

   arts
     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

   living
     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

   listings & more
     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

news

     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

opinion

     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

arts

     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

living

     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

more

     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

Subscribe

     * home delivery
     * digital subscriptions
     * Crossword
     * Cooking

     * email newsletters
     * corporate subscriptions
     * education rate

     * mobile applications
     * replica edition
     * Español
     * 中文网

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2019

   The New York Times Company
     * Contact Us
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
   #alternate

   NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please
   upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE »

   (BUTTON) Sections (BUTTON) Home (BUTTON) Search

The New York Times

Arts

Music |15 European Pop Acts You Might Not Know, but Should

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Close search

Site Search Navigation

   Search NYTimes.com
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Clear this text input

   (BUTTON) Go
   https://nyti.ms/2HtNN3u

Site Navigation

Site Mobile Navigation

   (BUTTON)

15 European Pop Acts You Might Not Know, but Should

   MAY 22, 2019

   European music is more than just the glitz of Eurovision. Turn on your
   sound to hear 15 of the region’s most important acts, musically and
   socially, right now.
   [cover-frame-top.png] [cover-frame-right.png] [cover-frame-bottom.png]
   [cover-frame-left.png]

   Surfacing

Europop

   [ghali-frame-top.png] [ghali-frame-right.png] [ghali-frame-bottom.png]
   [ghali-frame-left.png]

   Italy

Ghali

   For fans of … Migos
   “Cara Italia”Ghali [spotify.svg]
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Just a few years ago, the baby-faced son of Tunisian immigrants was
   making videos of his trap-influenced flows about smoking weed in
   Milan’s outskirts, showing up rivals with just about every teenage-rap
   trope.

   “Rage was my interest,” Ghali, whose full name is Ghali Amdouni, said
   in an interview. “But then I discovered that I can do other things with
   my music.”

   Italy’s corporate giants also realized that they could do things with
   Ghali’s music. Last year, the phone company Vodafone used his single
   “Cara Italia” (“Dear Italy”) in a commercial. The song took off,
   getting more than 100 million views on YouTube. It went triple
   platinum. In 2017, Ghali released his debut, “Album.” It became the
   fifth best-selling album that year in Italy.

   Now, the 26-year-old is selling out arenas across Italy with a European
   tour scheduled to start this summer.

   “He is more pop now,” said Cosimo Fini, the Milan rapper better known
   as Gué Pequeno, who promoted a teenage Ghali.
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Ghali’s trap hits, poppy though they may be, speak to troubled times in
   Italy, in which migrants are demonized, birthright citizenship is a
   liberal pipe dream, and leading politicians repeat on a loop that
   Italians come first.

   “What kind of politics is this? What’s the difference between left and
   right?” Ghali raps in “Cara Italia.” “When they tell me, ‘Go home,’ I
   answer, ‘Here I am.’”

   Ghali said he had no interest in taking on the mantle of Italy’s
   political opposition. “I don’t want to be political, I just sing about
   what I see around me,” he said. “Music is my therapy."

   As a teenager, Ghali used the moniker “Fobia” around Baggio, the suburb
   in western Milan where he grew up, and freestyled against classmates
   during school breaks to impress girls and ward off bullies.

   At home, he listened to American trap, Nirvana and The Gipsy Kings, he
   said. He imitated Michael Jackson’s dance moves as he and his mother
   watched music videos on VHS cassettes.

   Now Ghali has embraced his status as a pop celebrity and fashion icon.
   In videos and stage appearances, his many outfit changes range from
   jumpsuits reminiscent of Guantánamo Bay detainees to pink
   double-breasted suits.

   “I’ve always been theatrical,” he said, adding that he would change
   outfits four times a day as a child. “My mother was also very much into
   fashion, despite our limited resources.”

   Ghali’s mother, Amel, worked many different jobs when he was growing
   up. His father spent time in jail before leaving the family to return
   to Tunisia. Ghali took inspiration from that time in his life and from
   inmates at a Milan prison for his latest single, “I Love You.”

   “We die alone, we live together,” he sings. “Yeah yeah yeah, I feel you
   as if there were no walls.”

   Gaia Pianigiani

   Ukraine

Alyona Alyona

   For fans of … Azealia Banks
   “Відчиняй”Alyona Alyona [spotify.svg]

   In October 2018, when her first YouTube video went viral , Alyona
   Alyona was the principal of a kindergarten in a suburb of Kiev. (The
   video featured Alyona Alyona rapping on a jet ski.) Two months later,
   she quit her job. This April, she released her debut album “Pushka.”

   One of Ukraine’s few female rappers, Alyona Alyona spits lightning-fast
   flows — and zero expletives. Her first hit “Ribki” was ostensibly about
   fish, although she said in a phone interview that it was a metaphor for
   young women who feel out of place. She also raps about tolerance and
   acceptance, which has gained her fans among progressive young people in
   Ukraine.

   “We didn’t have any huge fresh names like her in rap music in Ukraine
   before,” said Ivan Dorn, a popular Ukrainian singer. Alyona Alyona’s
   early videos, some of which have several million views on YouTube, have
   a down-to-earth quality, showing her rapping in snow-covered,
   graffiti-filled landscapes, often dressed in tracksuits and sneakers.

   Even though Russian rap music is very popular in Ukraine, Alyona Alyona
   chose to rap in her native language. (While both languages are spoken
   in the ex-Soviet state, Ukrainian has become more widely spoken since
   the 2013 Euromaidan protests.)

   To her, it’s a celebration of her national culture: “I want to rap
   about everyday life, in my own language.”

   Josie Thaddeus-Johns

   Georgia

HVL

   For fans of … Aphex Twin
   “Enslaver”HVL [spotify.svg]

   In the basement of Georgia’s national soccer stadium in Tbilisi is
   Bassiani, a techno club of global caliber.

   The D.J. and producer HVL, whose real name is Gigi Jikia, has been a
   resident artist there since the club opened five years ago, and has
   been instrumental in shaping its sound.

   He released “Ostati”, his debut LP, last June. The album’s name means
   “master of one’s craft,” a fitting title given the elegance of his
   undulating soundscapes and acid-flecked breaks.

   Bassiani’s reputation only grew last year when a military-style police
   raid on the club provoked a defiant protest rave in front of Georgia’s
   parliament to demand greater freedoms, such as reforms to the nation’s
   strict drug laws.

   But it would be wrong to think Bassiani or HVL, who started as part of
   the synth-pop band Okinawa Lifestyle, came out of a vacuum. Music has
   always been intrinsic to Georgian life — even through years of regional
   conflict when electricity wasn’t always a given.

   Carmen Gray
   [aya-nakamura-frame-top.png] [aya-nakamura-frame-right.png]
   [aya-nakamura-frame-bottom.png] [aya-nakamura-frame-left.png]

   France

Aya Nakamura

   For fans of … Rihanna, Drake
   “Djadja”Aya Nakamura [spotify.svg]
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   To those who criticize her fake nails, her bold makeup, her clingy
   dresses or her boastful tone, Aya Nakamura says one thing: “Blah, blah,
   blah” — keep talking.

   “Women in the French music industry are compelled to make no waves,”
   Nakamura said in a recent interview. “I show off.”

   “A black woman doing this here is new, and shocking for many,” she
   added.

   In a hotel room in Paris, the French-Malian singer was getting ready
   for a party to celebrate selling 200,000 copies of her second album,
   “Nakamura,” which made her France’s most streamed female artist last
   year.

   Nakamura, 24, tackles relationships, flirting and female friendships in
   short, catchy songs that combine R&B with the danceable rhythms of
   afropop.

   She sings in French, but her lyrics brim with expressions borrowed from
   English, Arabic and Bambara, the Malian language her parents speak — a
   cosmopolitan mix that appeals to young people in France who grew up
   listening to American R&B, French rap, and songs influenced by African
   and Caribbean music. Take the earworm “Pookie,” for instance, in which
   Nakamura sprays sharp consonants at a machine-gun pace, moving between
   French slang, English and the occasional nonsense syllable.

   “Her language is raw, sincere, pure,” said Simon Porte Jacquemus, 29, a
   fashion designer who has dressed Nakamura for public appearances. “It’s
   appealing to our whole generation,” he added, “whether we are men or
   women, black or not.”
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Nakamura, whose real last name is Danioko, was born in Mali and grew up
   in the Paris suburb of Aulnay-sous-Bois. The area is often disdained
   and associated with crime, but Nakamura praised its diversity.

   The eldest of five children, Nakamura quit high school before
   graduation and started singing at 19. Four years later, her second
   album has propelled her music well beyond France, finding audiences in
   West Africa and around Europe.

   This is in part thanks to bittersweet hits like “Djadja,” in which
   Nakamura calls out a man who lied about having sex with her, pairing a
   romantic melody with withering rhymes.

   The music video has been viewed more than 367 million times on YouTube.
   And “Djadja” has morphed into an anthem of female empowerment: Its
   lyrics appeared on placards at street protests in France in November
   confronting sexism and violence against women.

   “The way she has built a name for herself in a male-dominated world is
   a source of inspiration for so many young girls and women,” Oumou
   Sangaré, the Malian singer, said of Nakamura. “She is a shining star
   for countless youth, and shining stars always bother people.”

   Nakamura said she didn’t enter the recording studio with an agenda. She
   doesn’t know much about feminism, she added. “Why would I bring this up
   in my songs?” Nakamura said. “It would be too complicated. I’m not
   going to invent a role for myself. It would sound too fake. But I’m
   happy if my songs speak for themselves.”

   For all her reluctance to tackle feminism directly, Nakamura was clear
   that she wanted to change how the success of women is perceived in
   France, especially for black women.

   After fiddling with her 1.6-inch fake white nails, Nakamura put aside
   her phone in its Louis Vuitton case. “I grew up with no French black
   female icons,” she said. “It’s time to change that.”

   Elian Peltier

   Sweden

Viagra Boys

   For fans of … The Stooges
   “Sports”Viagra Boys [spotify.svg]

   Profiles of Viagra Boys — Sweden’s messiest, most exciting rock band —
   often say the six-piece are a parody of hyper-masculinity. There is the
   name, and songs like “Sports,” in which the band’s frontman Sebastian
   Murphy sings mockingly about bro-centric pastimes.

   But that description is not quite right.

   “We said that once years ago,” Murphy said, after a sweaty show at a
   record store in London earlier this month. “But that was more kind of
   an excuse for having such a stupid band name.”

   They’re called Viagra Boys, he said, because when they started, some
   members were taking the drug to combat an annoying side effect of
   other, less legal substances.

   These days, the band is surprisingly far from the image of depraved
   rock ‘n’ roll layabouts, Murphy added. When not on tour, they meet
   every day in Stockholm at 11 a.m. and start recording. It’s hard work
   making such addictive, simple songs.

   “We take music very seriously, “ he said. “We don’t think it’s
   something where you get high then make a cool song. For us, it’s more
   trying to avoid getting high so we can make a cool song.”

   Among the crowd at the London show was Mats Gustafsson, an acclaimed
   Swedish jazz musician. “It’s about attitude and they have attitude,”
   Gustafsson said. “We need music like this, that stands out and has
   something to say, as we live in such messed-up times.”

   Alex Marshall

   Portugal

Violet

   For fans of … Four Tet
   “Antifa Beats”Violet [spotify.svg]

   Inês Borges Coutinho, whose D.J. name is Violet, wants to make dance
   music that is, as she says, “less rules, less dogma,” and “less boring,
   basically.” Her latest singles turn electronic sounds — techno, acid,
   ambient — in futuristic directions, and the club world has taken note.

   Since moving back to Lisbon from London in 2016, Coutinho has become a
   crucial catalyst for the Portuguese capital’s club culture. She
   co-founded mina, an inclusive dance party. On her record label, Naive,
   she prioritises women-identifying, non-binary and queer artists in
   order to help increase their visibility in the dance music world. “I
   feel like that's my mission,” she said.

   Along with her partner Marco Rodrigues, who D.J.s under the name
   Photonz, Coutinho also runs Rádio Quântica, a “24/7 internet station
   dedicated to our underground.” There are now over 150 broadcasters on
   the station. As Coutinho says, “Lisbon is a place where things are
   happening.”

   Kate Hutchinson
   [angele-frame-top.png] [angele-frame-right.png]
   [angele-frame-bottom.png] [angele-frame-left.png]

   Belgium

Angèle

   For fans of … Lana Del Rey
   “Tout oublier”Angèle, Roméo Elvis [spotify.svg]
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   On a recent Saturday afternoon, about 30 teenagers sat on the pavement
   outside the Zenith, an imposing 7,000-capacity concrete arena in Lille,
   France.

   They had been there since before 9 a.m., said Celia El Kandoussi, 17.
   She was first in line, and wanted to get as close as possible to that
   night’s performer: Angèle, a 23-year-old from Belgium who is arguably
   the biggest star of French-language pop music.

   The arena was not set to open for seven hours.

   “Her music, it’s like ...” El Kandoussi said, then trailed off, lost
   for words to describe how much it meant to her. “And she fights for
   what we need in France, things like sex equality,” El Kandoussi added.
   “That’s why she’s so popular.”

   Inside, the singer -- her full name is Angèle Van Laeken -- was sitting
   in a dressing room wearing a T-shirt with her own face on it. (That
   wardrobe choice had been an accident, she said, embarrassed.)
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   When told that fans were already lining up outside, she looked shocked.
   “Sometimes I can’t believe it,” she said. “It’s gone so fast. Two years
   ago, I was playing in a bar in Brussels, every Thursday,” she said. “I
   was writing songs, but didn’t know where I wanted to go musically,” she
   added. “And now this.”

   “This” is a lot. Angèle broke through in Belgium with a couple of
   surprising, dreamlike tracks she sang on and wrote for rappers: Romeo
   Elvis, her brother, and Damso, one of Europe’s most streamed acts.

   But then she had several hits of her own that brought her popularity
   far beyond the world of hip-hop, especially “Tout Oublier” (“Forget
   Everything”), a tropical pop song about the nature of happiness that
   became so successful you now hear it in French supermarkets.

   Perhaps her most discussed track, though, is “Balance Ton Quoi,” an
   amusingly rude song whose title is a play on a French equivalent of the
   hashtag #MeToo. It’s made everyday sexism the surprising topic of a hit
   pop song, and meant Angèle has been asked to add her name to several
   feminist causes.

   “When I wrote ‘Balance Ton Quoi,’ for me it wasn’t political,” Angèle
   said. “It was just facts. Like, you can’t walk in the street without
   being afraid, and, as a woman, you’re taken less seriously than a guy."

   Angèle said she knows she can’t speak for all women in Belgium and
   France, both multicultural societies. “I’m white, I’m blonde, I’m
   privileged,” she said.

   “People were always saying my success was due to my parents,” she
   added. (Her father is a musician and her mother, a comedian; both are
   famous in Belgium.). “Or they were comparing me with my brother.”

   Romeo Elvis said in an interview in Brussels that he didn’t mind that
   he was now being described in newspapers as “Angèle’s brother,” despite
   having just released his own critically acclaimed album (“Chocolat”)
   and being able to sell out arenas himself.

   “I knew it’d happen from the start,” he said. “Three years ago, I was
   saying, ‘Angele’s going to be the greatest.’”

   Onstage in Lille, Angèle did not make any feminist statements. She just
   sang her album accompanied by two bandmates, with occasional help from
   four dancers, several inflatable eyeballs (they were thrown into the
   audience) and her brother, who appeared via three giant screens to rap
   his part in “Tout Oublier”.

   The audience seemed to know every word, and sang most of them. Many
   kept singing afterward in the traffic jam outside the venue.

   Alex Marshall

   Britain

Dave

   For fans of … Kendrick Lamar, A$AP Rocky
   “Location” (feat. Burna Boy)Dave [spotify.svg]

   As rapper-monikers go, “Dave” is a fairly straightforward one. His
   music, however, is anything but.

   David Orobosa Omoregie, to give him his full name, released his debut
   album, “Psychodrama,” in March at age 20. By drawing on his own life,
   from growing up in public housing to having an incarcerated older
   brother, he tackles topics like racism and depression and unravels the
   complexities of being young, male, black and British. “Psychodrama”
   entered the country’s album charts at number one.

   The BBC broadcaster Jamilla Walters, who DJs under the name Jamz
   Supernova, has supported Dave’s music on her popular British radio
   show. “Listening to him is like looking into a mirror of either your
   current surroundings or where you've come from.” She also noted his
   approach to storytelling, in which he often flips perspectives.

   “He reminds me of Kendrick Lamar in that sense,” she said.

   In Britain, Dave has received attention outside rap circles for his
   urgent political singles “Question Time” and “Black”. And his music is
   gaining traction abroad, partly thanks to Drake who remixed Dave’s
   “Wanna Know” in 2016, after stumbling across it on YouTube.

   Could he become a global star? Walters hopes so. “For someone as smart
   and observant as Dave,” she said, “I can only imagine.”

   Kate Hutchinson

   Poland

Julian Uhu

   For fans of … King Krule, Solange
   “Aha”Julian Uhu [spotify.svg]

   Last summer, Julian Uhu was working in a bar in Warsaw, making music
   for TV shows in his spare time. Then he released “Aha,” a track halfway
   between jazz and soul, all about loneliness in an online world and his
   struggle to find love in the city.

   It changed everything for him. By December, a popular Polish soul music
   website had named “Aha” one of their 50 tracks of 2018: It was the only
   Polish song to make the cut. A critic in the liberal newspaper Gazeta
   Wyborcza wrote that “no one in Poland has ever made music like this,
   certainly not at a comparable level.”

   Last month, he played his first ever show, in Poznan, a city in the
   west of the country, and 600 people turned up — all because of one
   song. He still hasn’t released a follow-up.

   “Everything’s really crazy now,” Uhu, 22, said in a telephone
   interview. “I’m kind of stressed.” He’s working on an album, he added,
   and felt the pressure of expectations. “The stakes are high.”

   Why does he feel “Aha” went down so well? “People say it’s somewhere
   between solitude and hope, and that’s what is special about my music,”
   he said, then sighed. “All this is so unexpected.”

   Alex Marshall
   [vendredi-sur-mer-frame-top.png] [vendredi-sur-mer-frame-right.png]
   [vendredi-sur-mer-frame-bottom.png] [vendredi-sur-mer-frame-left.png]

   Switzerland

Vendredi sur Mer

   For fans of … Air, Serge Gainsbourg
   “Écoute Chérie”Vendredi sur Mer [spotify.svg]
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Her stage name means “Friday at the Seaside,” but it was a Wednesday in
   Paris, and Vendredi Sur Mer was relaxing on the sofa in a hotel lobby,
   in bright pink flares and a silver pleated jacket.

   The singer, whose real name is Charline Mignot, grew up in Geneva,
   Switzerland, but it was only when she moved to France at age 18 that
   she began making music: tender, spoken-word intimacies over
   disco-infused electropop. Vendredi Sur Mer’s first EP “Marée Basse”
   (“Low Tide”) came out in 2017, and was followed by her first album
   “Premiers Emois” (“First Stirrings”) in March.

   Mignot described her vocals as “delicate rap.” They vary from breathy
   to commanding, and build on the “chanson française” tradition, where
   words are the most important element of the song. “I like to be
   insouciant but also controlled,” she said. French singers like Serge
   Gainsbourg and Renaud were a big influence on her style, she added.

   Mignot arrived in Paris in 2015, intending to study fashion
   photography. But as her music career took off, photography started to
   take a back seat: “I got bored of it,” the 23-year-old singer
   explained. “And my music was getting bigger.”

   Visuals, however, remain an important part of how Vendredi Sur Mer
   communicates with her fans. Mignot said the British photographer Martin
   Parr and the French film director Eric Rohmer had been inspirations for
   her music videos and cover artwork, which often have a surreal, sensual
   feel. “He succeeds in turning very banal subjects into very beautiful
   films,” she said of Rohmer.
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Vendredi Sur Mer’s visual style also draws on classical imagery and
   high fashion. For example, the album cover for “Premiers Emois,” which
   is inspired by Botticelli’s “The Birth of Venus,” features the Swiss
   singer in a draped frou-frou pink dressing gown, lounging on a throne
   shaped like a shell. “I just did what I wanted,” she said of that
   cover.

   It took a while, however, for the confidence that comes across in
   photographs to translate into live performances: “I didn't have the
   impression that I deserved to be there,” Mignot said. “I excused myself
   a lot. Now, I’m just having fun on stage.”

   “Music happened by chance: I made my first song for fun,” she added. “I
   didn't have an objective to attain. Everything that happened to me as a
   result was only positive.”

   Mignot’s songs are ambivalent toward gender, addressing both men and
   women: “I didn't do it in order to make a statement, it's just my
   reality,” she said. “It's what I know,” she added.

   Alice Kong, a filmmaker and photographer and a friend of Mignot’s, has
   directed three distinctive videos for Vendredi Sur Mer including,
   “Écoute Chérie,” the lead single from the album. Kong’s signature is
   evident in the abundant close-ups of couples of all genders kissing.

   “Charline always impressed me by the way she would sing all of her
   intimate feelings with no shyness or fear,” said Lewis Of Man, the
   producer of Vendredi Sur Mer’s EP and album, in an email. “All she
   wants is to express herself.”

   Mignot described it this way: “I'm talking about everything love
   comprises. Deception, desire, passion.” She writes from her own
   experience, or about “things I would like to experience,” she said.
   “Just listen to the music and you know my whole life.”

   Josie Thaddeus-Johns

   Spain

C. Tangana

   For fans of … Bad Bunny
   “Para Repartir” (with Juice WRLD feat. Brendon Urie)C. Tangana, Alizzz
   [spotify.svg]

   The Spanish rapper known as C. Tangana wants to make an international
   hit — but it must be in his native language.

   “There are no Spanish players right now on the global scene,” the
   musician, whose real name is Antón Álvarez Alfaro, said by phone from
   Madrid. “Everyone is trying to do this ‘glocal’ thing,” he added,
   referring to the trend of taking a local style of music mainstream,
   which his ex-girlfriend and former musical collaborator, Rosalía, is
   known for doing with flamenco.

   In Spain, Alfaro is one of the most widely streamed artists, and he
   makes headlines with ease. Now he wants to introduce international
   audiences to his distinctive version of Latin urban music, which blends
   rap with Spanish pop.

   “I listen to a lot of Latin and American music,” Alfaro said. “But they
   don't have the same references that I have.”

   Since Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee's runaway hit “Despacito,” Latin
   urban music has become a global phenomenon, propelling a record number
   of Spanish-language songs by Latin American artists onto the charts.
   Alfaro wants the same stardom for Spanish musicians.

   “My challenge is to make a global impact but with something new and
   fresh,” Alfaro said. “I don’t just want to find the same formula.”

   Anna Codrea-Rado

   Germany

Von Wegen Lisbeth

   For fans of … Mac DeMarco
   “Jede Ratte der U8”Von Wegen Lisbeth [spotify.svg]

   In Berlin, a city synonymous with techno music, making pop is almost
   considered counter-culture.

   The band Von Wegen Lisbeth, who sing in their native tongue atop
   eclectic instruments including the glockenspiel, are leading the charge
   in a new breed of German pop musicians.

   “Most of the stuff you can listen to on the radio is really, really
   boring,” lead singer Matthias Rohde said in a telephone interview.
   “It’s always the same.”

   The band is comprised of five men in their late 20s who met and formed
   the group in high school. On May 3 they released their second album,
   titled “sweetlilly93@hotmail.com.” In a review, the weekly German
   magazine Der Spiegel praised the album for its refreshing contribution
   to the German charts, writing: “It sounds like somebody poured liquid
   amber over Berlin in 2019 and preserved a moment for this album.”

   Being a record of the zeitgeist, there was a topic the band could not
   avoid. “Gentrification is a big thing in Berlin right now,” Rohde said.
   “It concerns every one of us and our friends. It’s part of my everyday
   life, so I put it into the lyrics.”

   However, Rohde said the band also stays true to the genre. “We are
   still a pop band,” he said. “We sing about love.”

   Anna Codrea-Rado
   [ic3peak-frame-top.png] [ic3peak-frame-right.png]
   [ic3peak-frame-bottom.png] [ic3peak-frame-left.png]

   Russia

IC3PEAK

   For fans of … Crystal Castles, Grimes
   “Смерти Больше Нет”IC3PEAK [spotify.svg]
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Onstage at a grimy club in Poznan, Poland, Nastya Kreslina was done up
   like a funereal porcelain doll. Kreslina, the 23-year-old vocalist of
   the Moscow electro duo IC3PEAK, had black-painted lips, and a long
   braid ran down her front from the crown of her head.

   Behind Kreslina, her bandmate, Nikolay Kostylev, was bent over a synth,
   his face painted white. Over distorted bass and whining synths,
   Kreslina’s cold, high-pitched voice veered from a whisper to a scream.

   As the duo launched into its song “Death No More,” the crowd cheered.
   “I fill my eyes with kerosene,” Kreslina sang. “Let it all burn. All of
   Russia is watching me. Let it all burn.”

   “Death No More” is IC3PEAK’s most popular song to date, and one of its
   most politically provocative. In the video for the song, IC3PEAK
   indulge in a series of subversive acts in front of Moscow landmarks,
   from self-immolation in front of a government building to feasting on
   raw meat outside Lenin’s Tomb. In one scene, Kreslina and Kostylev pass
   what appears to be a joint between them.

   It was meant purely as “ironic fun,” Kreslina said in a recent
   interview. But it has caused the band problems.

   Since last fall, the Russian authorities have made numerous efforts to
   stop IC3PEAK from performing, Kreslina said. She said that agents of
   Russia’s main intelligence agency, the F.S.B., had ordered her and
   Kostylev to leave the city of Perm, about 900 miles east of Moscow, and
   then trailed their vehicle. (The F.S.B. did not reply to a request for
   comment.) IC3PEAK often plays gigs in secret now.

   “It’s like the older generation just woke up from a deep sleep —
   they’re afraid of our youth culture, and are using old Soviet methods
   to try to control it,” she said.
   Charlotte Hadden for The New York Times

   Gigs abroad, like the one in Poznan, usually run more smoothly,
   Kreslina said, but the band misses the adrenaline of the cat-and-mouse
   games with the Russian authorities. These were exciting — “even fun
   sometimes” — and helped to build interest in the band, she added.

   But the type of censorship the band really fears is online, Kostylev
   said. He and Kreslina make all their own music videos, in which they
   create a gender-fluid, extravagantly costumed fantasy realm of the
   macabre. For Russian bands, a strong visual identity is crucial for
   getting noticed: You can’t build an identity if your clips are blocked.

   The Russian authorities appear to be “trying to build something like
   China’s firewall, to ban pages and videos,” Kostylev said.

   Although building a fan base abroad might give the band a way to get
   around the clampdown at home, Kreslina and Kostylev said that it is
   Russian youth that they most want to connect with. They have moved away
   from singing in English, recording their last two albums in Russian.
   “You can see this language shift in all the underground music scene at
   home,” Kostylev said.

   IC3PEAK attributed the focus on Russian audiences, ironically, to
   playing in the United States. “Everybody there was so focused on
   identity, and fixated on our being Russian,” Kostylev said. “It was
   like looking through other people’s eyes at ourselves.”

   He added that the “shame from all the usual post-Soviet complexes”
   lifted when the band realized their “roots are interesting to people.”

   IC3PEAK’s latest album, “Fairytale,” is steeped in Russian folklore.
   “We have a very good Russian word: toska,” Kreslina said of the new
   album. “It’s untranslatable. It’s like really deeply sad, but also very
   beautiful, and you’re kind of enjoying that.” (The Russian-born
   novelist Vladimir Nabokov once said that English had no single word to
   express the depth and complexity of toska.)

   Like melancholy, perhaps?

   “Nooo,” the band scoffed in unison. “Toska,” Kreslina said, is
   IC3PEAK’s “way of looking at the world.”

   Carmen Gray

   Kosovo

Melinda Ademi

   For fans of … Cardi B, Nicki Minaj
   “Çifteli”Melinda Ademi [spotify.svg]

   Despite its small population, Kosovo plays a starring role in today’s
   pop scene, thanks to stars like Dua Lipa and Rita Ora.

   Melinda Ademi’s father left Kosovo in the ’90s, after ethnic Albanian
   rebels started a war for independence from Serbia that caused a major
   refugee crisis. Ademi was born in Germany, living there until her
   family won green cards to the United States. Now in her 20s (she would
   not reveal her exact age), she has made her way to Kosovo to launch her
   music career.

   Ademi always wanted to sing, and even entered “American Idol.” But she
   recently discovered she could rap. That pushed her to make the move. “I
   was trying to create songs, and realised I was more drawn to Albanian
   melodies and sounds,” she said. “I just decided it’d be better for me
   and my tastes to come here.”

   The rise of women in rap hasn’t been welcomed by everyone, though. Last
   month, Ledri Vula, a male star and native Kosovar, said in a television
   interview, “Even women know how to rap, meaning something is not
   right.”

   “I can’t really speak for what he said, or his intentions,” Ademi said
   when asked about the comment. “But I can speak for the musical climate
   over here, and, as females, we’re killing it.”

   Alex Marshall

   Turkey

Ezhel

   For fans of … Travis Scott
   “Felaket”Ezhel [spotify.svg]

   Outside Turkey, if anyone knows the rapper Ezhel at all, it is mainly
   because he was jailed last year for promoting marijuana use in his
   songs. After a month in prison, Ezhel, whose real name is Omer Sercan
   Ipekcioglu, was acquitted, but he still faces two similar charges.

   To music fans in Turkey and its diaspora, though, Ezhel, 28, is known
   as the rising star of Turkish hip-hop.

   “White-collar people, veiled girls, teenagers and their boyfriends, you
   can find all of them chanting Ezhel songs at his concerts,” said Baris
   Akpolat, a music critic who is writing a biography of Ezhel. Some
   politicians may dislike his music, but their voters listen to it,
   Akpolat added.

   Ezhel said in a telephone interview that part of his success was down
   to coming from a family of musicians in Ankara. His mother used to be a
   state employed singer, who sang to foreign dignitaries in Turkish,
   Arabic and even Chinese.

   “This multi-cultural aspect made me have a wide perspective about the
   world,” Ezhel said. His latest single, “Felaket” (“Catastrophe” in
   English), comes across as a mix of trap, Turkish folk and reggae.
   “Every genre is a different color and I am painting a picture,” he
   said.

   Ezhel, who is recording a new album in Berlin, said he was first
   attracted to rap because of its “culture of struggle,” which seems
   appropriate now given the charges he still faces.

   “Struggle of life, or class struggle,” he said. “Rap made me resist
   against my difficulties by using my art.”

   IFRAME:
   https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/nytimes/playlist/3nm5IbyzxK2HtvW7Pa
   0r3p

   Produced by Alicia DeSantis, Gabriel Gianordoli, Alex Marshall, Jolie
   Ruben and Josephine Sedgwick.

   Illustrations by Franziska Barczyk.

   Photo credits: Dobrev Alexnadr (Alyona Alyona), Levan Maisuradze (HVL),
   Carolina Faruolo (Viagra Boys), João Viegas (Violet), Joe Magowan
   (Dave), Bartek Wieczorek (Julian Uhu), Javi Ruiz (C. Tangana), Nils
   Lucas (Von Wegen Lisbeth), Agon Gjinofci (Melinda Ademi), Ferhat Topal
   (Ezhel)

   Corrections May 22, 2019

   An earlier version of this article misstated the label on which HVL
   released his debut LP. It was Organic Analogue, not Bassiani's own
   label.

   An earlier version of this piece referred to Poznan as being a city in
   the east of Poland. It is in the west of the country.

   An earlier version of this article gave an incorrect title for Aya
   Nakamura’s second album. It is “Nakamura,” not “Djadja.”

Related stories

     * [merlin_152383614_7e0f3c9d-9875-496f-b782-b1b1b677c2ec-threeByTwoSm
       allAt2X.jpg ]
       Russia’s Youth Found Rap. The Kremlin Is Worried.
       May 21, 2019
     * [25rosalia-1-threeByTwoSmallAt2X-v3.jpg ]
       Rosalía: The Pop Star Bringing Flamenco to a New Generation
       Nov. 14, 2018
     * [14nidia1-threeByTwoSmallAt2X.jpg ]
       Nídia Is Bringing the Sound of Lisbon’s Ghettos to the World
       June 14, 2018

More on NYTimes.com

   Advertisement

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2019 The New York Times Company
     * Home
     * Search
     * Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We
       would love to hear from you.
     * Contact Us
     * Work With Us
     * Advertise
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale

Site Information Navigation

     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Site Feedback
     * Subscriptions
   #alternate alternate Why The Athletic Wants to Pillage Newspapers

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index
   Sports
   (BUTTON) Log In
   (BUTTON)

   Log In
   Today’s Paper

   Sports|Why The Athletic Wants to Pillage Newspapers
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
     *
     *

   Advertisement

   Supported by

Why The Athletic Wants to Pillage Newspapers

   Image Alex Mather, left, and Adam Hansmann, co-founders of The
   Athletic, at the company’s headquarters in San Francisco.
   Alex Mather, left, and Adam Hansmann, co-founders of The Athletic, at
   the company’s headquarters in San Francisco.CreditCreditAndrew Burton
   for The New York Times

   By Kevin Draper
     * Oct. 23, 2017
     *
          +
          +
          +
          + (BUTTON)
          +
          +

   By the time you finish reading this article, the upstart sports news
   outlet called The Athletic probably will have hired another well-known
   sportswriter from your local newspaper. In a couple of years, once The
   Athletic has completed its breakneck expansion, perhaps that
   newspaper’s sports section will no longer exist.

   “We will wait every local paper out and let them continuously bleed
   until we are the last ones standing,” Alex Mather, a co-founder of The
   Athletic, said in an interview in San Francisco. “We will suck them dry
   of their best talent at every moment. We will make business extremely
   difficult for them.”

   The Athletic is a subscription sports website and app featuring pages
   of local articles that roughly replicate newspaper sports sections. It
   launched in Chicago in January 2016 and has expanded to full coverage
   in seven cities, hockey coverage in eight more, national college
   basketball and football sites, and plans for more. Subscribers get
   access to all of it.

   The Athletic is already one of the biggest sports media companies in
   the country, with about 65 editorial employees. “Our ambition is to be
   the local sports page for every city in the country,” Mather said.

   To understand why The Athletic is so brazen about its vulture strategy,
   one must appreciate the state of play at local and regional newspapers
   throughout the country. Under dire financial duress, many have put
   extraordinary demands on beat writers to produce heavy volumes of
   content, often without wage increases. The reporters are sometimes the
   most knowledgeable sources of information on the teams they cover, but
   they are afforded little opportunity to step back and write impactful
   articles.

   These reporters are skilled experts feeling the strains of a crippled
   industry, and many are looking for a way out. Mather knows it.

   Mather, 37, founded The Athletic with Adam Hansmann, 29. They worked
   together at Strava, an app and website for weekend warriors and elite
   competitors that calls itself the social network for athletes.

   That experience, along with their frustration at the difficulty of
   finding high-quality sportswriting that wasn’t bogged down by pop-up
   ads, informed their big bet. They believe there are hundreds of
   thousands, and eventually millions, of enthusiastic sports fans willing
   to pay $60 annually — less with frequently offered discounts — for good
   reporting and writing, a clean app and no ads.

   They have raised almost $8 million in venture capital funding and have
   recurring subscription revenue, ensuring the site won’t shutter soon.
   But the question everybody in sports media is asking is, What happens
   in three, five, seven years? Will The Athletic’s business model allow
   it to survive that long?

   Newspapers are a classic example of a bundle. Subscribers might read
   just one section, but their subscription gets them the entire paper.
   Mather and Hansmann believe that sports is an undervalued part of that
   bundle, and that there are tens of thousands of sports fans in each
   city who don’t care about the other sections, and would rather jettison
   their subscription and pay for The Athletic instead.

   “I think the sports page has carried local papers for a while, and they
   don’t treat it well,” Mather said.

   After waiting nine months to debut its second local site, Toronto, and
   another five months for its third, Cleveland, the company planned to
   grow the number of local sites slowly, before tackling national ones.
   But that timeline was drastically altered after layoffs at ESPN, Sports
   Illustrated, Yahoo Sports, Fox Sports, Bleacher Report, Vice Sports and
   Vocativ this spring and summer put dozens of talented, well-connected
   journalists on the market.

   “I’d say it’s probably the largest talent displacement in sports media
   ever,” Hansmann said.

   The Athletic raised $5.6 million in venture capital financing in July
   to take advantage of the moment, adding to the $2.3 million seed round
   it raised in January.

   “It was really hard to see everything that was happening in terms of
   the layoffs,” said Deepen Parikh, an executive at Courtside Ventures,
   one of The Athletic’s largest investors, “and knowing we really,
   genuinely had an opportunity to capitalize on it and not take it.”

   The Athletic did not need to raise any financing, its executives said.
   Only one of the local sites, Toronto, breaks even — Chicago and the Bay
   Area and “a few smaller markets” are on track to do so by the end of
   the year, executives said — but most subscribers pay upfront for an
   annual subscription, so The Athletic had cash in hand to continue
   operations.

   The company has wasted no time spending the new money. It started sites
   in Detroit, Philadelphia, the Bay Area and Minnesota, brought on the
   former Fox Sports writer Stewart Mandel to lead a national college
   football site and hired the former Sports Illustrated writer Seth Davis
   to head up another for national college basketball.

   Paul Fichtenbaum, a former top Sports Illustrated editor who had been
   working for The Athletic as a consultant, was hired to oversee the
   national sites and start a longform vertical, called Ink. “Building a
   company is exciting,” he said, but the “bigger opportunity to change an
   industry is really something that we all aspire to.”

   Now the plan is to raise even more money soon, and to gain a foothold
   in every American and Canadian professional sports market within two
   years. “If there is a hockey, basketball, baseball or football team” in
   a city, Hansmann said, “that’s the starting point.”

   It is that kind of ambition, in an industry that has sustained a decade
   of retrenchment, that has most of the sports media industry rooting for
   The Athletic’s success. Every writer knows he or she could be the next
   victim of a naïve pivot to video.

   But Mather and Hansmann have displayed sharp elbows, and not everybody
   is happy with them. Newspaper sports editors have been left smarting
   after losing reporters to The Athletic — four writers for The Athletic
   Bay Area worked at the Bay Area Newspaper Group a few months ago. And
   then there is Dejan Kovacevic, a longtime Pittsburgh sportswriter who
   started DK Pittsburgh Sports, a subscription-based local sports site
   that in some ways is a model for The Athletic, three years ago.

   In an email, Kovacevic said that Mather and Hansmann had approached him
   to be an adviser but that they couldn’t agree on compensation. The
   Athletic, he said, promised not to start a Pittsburgh site. Instead,
   The Athletic Pittsburgh hired a second writer away from DK Pittsburgh
   Sports recently. Kovacevic also said that Mather and Hansmann were
   unhappy when he sold a copy of his publishing platform to Greg Bedard,
   who launched a subscription sports site in Boston this summer, because
   they said it raised their cost of doing business.

   Mather said that when The Athletic’s executives spoke with Kovacevic,
   they had no intention of expanding into Pittsburgh in the near term,
   and that he and Hansmann “only make ‘promises’ to our customers,
   employees, investors and partners.”

   “We are doing great work,” Mather said. “We treat our writers really
   well, we pay them well, and we are doing amazing journalism. If someone
   has a problem with that, that’s on them.”

   Mather and Hansmann also don’t hew to traditional — they would say
   antiquated — norms about the separation of business and advertising
   efforts, and are already cozier with the teams they cover than many
   outlets. They have an agreement with the Toronto Argonauts of the
   Canadian Football League, for instance, whereby Argonauts season-ticket
   holders can receive a trial subscription to The Athletic, paid for by
   the Argonauts.

   Hansmann said The Athletic pulled no punches in its reporting on the
   Argonauts, while Mather suggested The Athletic could partner with teams
   on insider video or events in which subscribers go to the stadium early
   for exclusive access. Fichtenbaum said his understanding was that the
   Argonauts partnership was a one-off.

   Similarly, many of The Athletic’s representatives sang the virtues of
   its digital presentation, which shuns banner ads. But Parikh, the
   investor, said, “Advertising has a very real opportunity down the road
   with The Athletic,” before adding that it would have to be “customer
   centric.”

   Mather and Hansmann declined to disclose subscription numbers, but they
   have said Toronto, their most successful local site, has more than
   15,000 subscribers. The national sites figure to boost local
   subscription numbers.

   As The Athletic’s costs rise — it will soon need a bigger office, and
   the company is beginning to hire nonrevenue-generating support staff
   like accountants and human resources personnel — the company will
   seemingly need to attract casual sports fans. But Mather and Hansmann
   are not convinced.

   “In a city like Chicago, there are 100,000 die-hard fans,” Mather said.
   “That is a very lucrative subscription business. There are over 100,000
   die-hard fans of Chicago teams outside of Chicago,” he added, and he
   says they aren’t served well. “Bleacher Report is empty calories. SB
   Nation is empty calories. The newspapers are doing nothing.”

   More journalists and investors will pay attention if The Athletic can
   get to the point that it can rely only on its own revenue, rather than
   having to turn to venture capital. Successful online media subscription
   products usually either cost hundreds or thousands of dollars annually
   and appeal to information-starved professionals — like The Information
   and Politico Pro — or have relatively inexpensive subscriptions that
   support relatively few writers — like DK Pittsburgh Sports and
   Stratechery.

   While The Athletic aspires to be the Spotify or Netflix of sports
   media, the only media companies that have achieved scale with a
   relatively low price point (and the help of ads) are the very same
   newspapers The Athletic is intent on destroying.

   Bleacher Report was the big sports media winner of the era when scale
   and online advertising revenue seemed like the future of media. It was
   rarely profitable and raised $40 million in venture capital funding
   before being bought by Turner in 2012 for about $175 million. According
   to skeptical media executives and investors interviewed for this
   article, something similar is most likely the best-case scenario for
   The Athletic.

   Mather and Hansmann insist that they, and their investors, are in it
   for the long haul, and that the time is finally right for a
   subscription media product to go big. “The advertising business model
   does not align with quality,” Mather said. “It’s hot takes instead of
   objective analysis, it’s short-term instead of long-term, it’s serving
   sponsors instead of users, it’s thinking big instead of great.”

   “It really comes down to the business model,” he added. “That is our
   core belief.”

   A version of this article appears in print on , Section B, Page 7 of
   the New York edition with the headline: They’re Out to Kill Every
   Paper’s Sports Section. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

Related Coverage

At BuzzFeed, a Pivot to Movies and Television

   Oct. 22, 2017
   Image

The Not-So-Glossy Future of Magazines

   Sept. 23, 2017
   Image

Los Angeles Times Newsroom, Challenging Tronc, Goes Public With Union Push

   Oct. 4, 2017
   Image

   Advertisement

Site Index

   Go to Home Page »

   news
     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

   opinion
     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

   arts
     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

   living
     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

   listings & more
     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

news

     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

opinion

     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

arts

     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

living

     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

more

     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

Subscribe

     * home delivery
     * digital subscriptions
     * Crossword
     * Cooking

     * email newsletters
     * corporate subscriptions
     * education rate

     * mobile applications
     * replica edition
     * Español
     * 中文网

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2019

   The New York Times Company
     * Contact Us
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
   #alternate alternate Facebook Said to Be in Talks With Publishers on
   News Effort

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index
   Technology
   (BUTTON) Log In
   (BUTTON)

   Log In
   Today’s Paper

   Technology|Facebook Said to Be in Talks With Publishers on News Effort
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
     *

   Advertisement

   Supported by

Facebook Said to Be in Talks With Publishers on News Effort

   Image Facebook’s pitch is the latest move by a major tech platform into
   the digital news and entertainment space.
   Facebook’s pitch is the latest move by a major tech platform into the
   digital news and entertainment space.CreditCreditElijah
   Nouvelage/Reuters

   By Mike Isaac
     * Aug. 8, 2019
     *
          +
          +
          +
          + (BUTTON)
          +

   SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook is pitching a new media initiative to license
   articles from some of the largest American news publishers and display
   that content inside the social network’s mobile app, according to three
   people with knowledge of the discussions.

   The project involves the social network striking deals potentially
   worth millions of dollars to publishers including The New York Times,
   The Washington Post and Dow Jones, parent company of The Wall Street
   Journal, among others, said the people, who spoke on the condition of
   anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.

   The agreements would let Facebook pull in headlines and previews of the
   articles from partner publications for display inside a “News” tab in
   the Facebook app, they said. The talks with news organizations are
   continuing, they added, and it is unclear if any deals are close.
   Facebook hopes to introduce the effort by the end of the year.

   Representatives for Dow Jones, The Times and The Post declined to
   comment. A Facebook spokeswoman confirmed that the company was aiming
   to include a “News” tab inside its app by the end of the year, but
   declined to comment further. News of the talks was first reported by
   The Journal.

   “Working with news industry to get Facebook’s News Tab right is our
   goal and focus this year,” Campbell Brown, Facebook’s head of news
   partnerships, said in a tweet on Friday. “I believe we can provide
   people on Facebook a better news experience.”

   Facebook’s pitch is the latest move by a major tech platform into the
   digital news and entertainment space, as companies vie for people’s
   attention. In a partnership with publishers, Google has developed
   Accelerated Mobile Pages, or AMP, to load articles faster on
   smartphones. Snapchat has also locked in revenue-sharing deals with
   publishers on its “Discover” tab inside its app.

   In the past, Facebook secured deals with publishers — including The
   Times — that sucked entire articles into its app for them to load
   faster and provide what the company called a “better user experience.”
   But that project, called Instant Articles, fizzled shortly after its
   debut.

   As Silicon Valley players have continued courting the news business,
   publishers have grown wary for fear of tech companies’ luring audience
   loyalty away from publishers’ sites.

   Facebook is trying to differentiate its new product from past
   offerings. In its pitch, the company said its “News” tab would not
   display the main text of articles inside Facebook’s app. Instead, it
   would link to publishers’ sites or apps and direct users elsewhere to
   read whole articles, the people familiar with the plans said.

   That has proved more enticing to some publishers than a deal proposed
   by Apple this year. The Apple News app, which costs subscribers $10 a
   month, pulls in entire articles from partner publishers, which include
   Vice Media and New York magazine. Apple takes half the overall revenue,
   while the publishers split the remaining 50 percent, paid to each
   outlet on a per-view basis.

   Publishers including The Journal joined the Apple News effort. Others,
   like The Times and The Post, declined.

   “We tend to be quite leery about the idea of almost habituating people
   to find our journalism somewhere else,” Mark Thompson, chief executive
   of the New York Times Company, told Reuters in an interview this year.
   “We’re also generically worried about our journalism being scrambled in
   a kind of Magimix with everyone else’s journalism.”

   Follow Mike Isaac on Twitter: @MikeIsaac.

   Interested in All Things Tech? Get the Bits newsletter for the latest
   from Silicon Valley. And sign up for the personal tech newsletter for
   advice and tips on the technology changing how you live.
   A version of this article appears in print on , Section B, Page 6 of
   the New York edition with the headline: Facebook Is Said to Seek
   Content From Publishers. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

Related Coverage

Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg Says He’ll Shift Focus to Users’ Privacy

   March 6, 2019
   Image

Is Facebook’s Campbell Brown a Force to Be Reckoned With? Or Is She Fake
News?

   April 21, 2018
   Image

Facebook Overhauls News Feed to Focus on What Friends and Family Share

   Jan. 11, 2018
   Image

   Advertisement

Site Index

   Go to Home Page »

   news
     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

   opinion
     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

   arts
     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

   living
     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

   listings & more
     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

news

     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

opinion

     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

arts

     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

living

     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

more

     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

Subscribe

     * home delivery
     * digital subscriptions
     * Crossword
     * Cooking

     * email newsletters
     * corporate subscriptions
     * education rate

     * mobile applications
     * replica edition
     * Español
     * 中文网

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2019

   The New York Times Company
     * Contact Us
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
   #alternate alternate Facial Recognition Is Accurate, if You’re a White
   Guy

   (BUTTON)
   (BUTTON) Sections
   (BUTTON) SEARCH
   Skip to contentSkip to site index
   Technology
   (BUTTON) Log In
   (BUTTON)

   Log In
   Today’s Paper

   Technology|Facial Recognition Is Accurate, if You’re a White Guy
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)
     *

   Advertisement

   Supported by

Facial Recognition Is Accurate, if You’re a White Guy

   By Steve Lohr
     * Feb. 9, 2018
     *
          +
          +
          +
          + (BUTTON)
          +

   Facial recognition technology is improving by leaps and bounds. Some
   commercial software can now tell the gender of a person in a
   photograph.

   When the person in the photo is a white man, the software is right 99
   percent of the time.

   But the darker the skin, the more errors arise — up to nearly 35
   percent for images of darker skinned women, according to a new study
   that breaks fresh ground by measuring how the technology works on
   people of different races and gender.

   These disparate results, calculated by Joy Buolamwini, a researcher at
   the M.I.T. Media Lab, show how some of the biases in the real world can
   seep into artificial intelligence, the computer systems that inform
   facial recognition.

   IFRAME:
   https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/admin/100000005728381.embedded
   .html?

   In modern artificial intelligence, data rules. A.I. software is only as
   smart as the data used to train it. If there are many more white men
   than black women in the system, it will be worse at identifying the
   black women.

   One widely used facial-recognition data set was estimated to be more
   than 75 percent male and more than 80 percent white, according to
   another research study.

   The new study also raises broader questions of fairness and
   accountability in artificial intelligence at a time when investment in
   and adoption of the technology is racing ahead.

   Today, facial recognition software is being deployed by companies in
   various ways, including to help target product pitches based on social
   media profile pictures. But companies are also experimenting with face
   identification and other A.I. technology as an ingredient in automated
   decisions with higher stakes like hiring and lending.

   Researchers at the Georgetown Law School estimated that 117 million
   American adults are in face recognition networks used by law
   enforcement — and that African Americans were most likely to be singled
   out, because they were disproportionately represented in mug-shot
   databases.

   Facial recognition technology is lightly regulated so far.

   “This is the right time to be addressing how these A.I. systems work
   and where they fail — to make them socially accountable,” said Suresh
   Venkatasubramanian, a professor of computer science at the University
   of Utah.

   Until now, there was anecdotal evidence of computer vision miscues, and
   occasionally in ways that suggested discrimination. In 2015, for
   example, Google had to apologize after its image-recognition photo app
   initially labeled African Americans as “gorillas.”

   Sorelle Friedler, a computer scientist at Haverford College and a
   reviewing editor on Ms. Buolamwini’s research paper, said experts had
   long suspected that facial recognition software performed differently
   on different populations.

   “But this is the first work I’m aware of that shows that empirically,”
   Ms. Friedler said.

   Ms. Buolamwini, a young African-American computer scientist,
   experienced the bias of facial recognition firsthand. When she was an
   undergraduate at the Georgia Institute of Technology, programs would
   work well on her white friends, she said, but not recognize her face at
   all. She figured it was a flaw that would surely be fixed before long.

   Image Joy Buolamwini, a researcher at the M.I.T. Media Lab, has emerged
   as an advocate in the new field of &ldquo;algorithmic
   accountability.&rdquo;
   Joy Buolamwini, a researcher at the M.I.T. Media Lab, has emerged as an
   advocate in the new field of “algorithmic accountability.”CreditTony
   Luong for The New York Times

   But a few years later, after joining the M.I.T. Media Lab, she ran into
   the missing-face problem again. Only when she put on a white mask did
   the software recognize hers as a face.

   By then, face recognition software was increasingly moving out of the
   lab and into the mainstream.

   “O.K., this is serious,” she recalled deciding then. “Time to do
   something.”

   So she turned her attention to fighting the bias built into digital
   technology. Now 28 and a doctoral student, after studying as a Rhodes
   scholar and a Fulbright fellow, she is an advocate in the new field of
   “algorithmic accountability,” which seeks to make automated decisions
   more transparent, explainable and fair.

   Her short TED Talk on coded bias has been viewed more than 940,000
   times, and she founded the Algorithmic Justice League, a project to
   raise awareness of the issue.

   In her newly published paper, which will be presented at a conference
   this month, Ms. Buolamwini studied the performance of three leading
   face recognition systems — by Microsoft, IBM and Megvii of China — by
   classifying how well they could guess the gender of people with
   different skin tones. These companies were selected because they
   offered gender classification features in their facial analysis
   software — and their code was publicly available for testing.

   She found them all wanting.

   To test the commercial systems, Ms. Buolamwini built a data set of
   1,270 faces, using faces of lawmakers from countries with a high
   percentage of women in office. The sources included three African
   nations with predominantly dark-skinned populations, and three Nordic
   countries with mainly light-skinned residents.

   The African and Nordic faces were scored according to a six-point
   labeling system used by dermatologists to classify skin types. The
   medical classifications were determined to be more objective and
   precise than race.

   Then, each company’s software was tested on the curated data, crafted
   for gender balance and a range of skin tones. The results varied
   somewhat. Microsoft’s error rate for darker-skinned women was 21
   percent, while IBM’s and Megvii’s rates were nearly 35 percent. They
   all had error rates below 1 percent for light-skinned males.

   Ms. Buolamwini shared the research results with each of the companies.
   IBM said in a statement to her that the company had steadily improved
   its facial analysis software and was “deeply committed” to “unbiased”
   and “transparent” services. This month, the company said, it will roll
   out an improved service with a nearly 10-fold increase in accuracy on
   darker-skinned women.

   Microsoft said that it had “already taken steps to improve the accuracy
   of our facial recognition technology” and that it was investing in
   research “to recognize, understand and remove bias.”

   Ms. Buolamwini’s co-author on her paper is Timnit Gebru, who described
   her role as an adviser. Ms. Gebru is a scientist at Microsoft Research,
   working on its Fairness Accountability Transparency and Ethics in A.I.
   group.

   Image
   Timnit Gebru, a scientist at Microsoft Research, was a co-author of the
   paper that studied facial recognition software.CreditCody O'Loughlin
   for The New York Times

   Megvii, whose Face++ software is widely used for identification in
   online payment and ride-sharing services in China, did not reply to
   several requests for comment, Ms. Buolamwini said.

   Ms. Buolamwini is releasing her data set for others to build upon. She
   describes her research as “a starting point, very much a first step”
   toward solutions.

   Ms. Buolamwini is taking further steps in the technical community and
   beyond. She is working with the Institute of Electrical and Electronics
   Engineers, a large professional organization in computing, to set up a
   group to create standards for accountability and transparency in facial
   analysis software.

   She meets regularly with other academics, public policy groups and
   philanthropies that are concerned about the impact of artificial
   intelligence. Darren Walker, president of the Ford Foundation, said
   that the new technology could be a “platform for opportunity,” but that
   it would not happen if it replicated and amplified bias and
   discrimination of the past.

   “There is a battle going on for fairness, inclusion and justice in the
   digital world,” Mr. Walker said.

   Part of the challenge, scientists say, is that there is so little
   diversity within the A.I. community.

   “We’d have a lot more introspection and accountability in the field of
   A.I. if we had more people like Joy,” said Cathy O’Neil, a data
   scientist and author of “Weapons of Math Destruction.”

   Technology, Ms. Buolamwini said, should be more attuned to the people
   who use it and the people it’s used on.

   “You can’t have ethical A.I. that’s not inclusive,” she said. “And
   whoever is creating the technology is setting the standards.”

   Correction: Feb. 11, 2018

   Because of an editing error, two picture captions with an earlier
   version of this article misstated the number of photos used by
   researchers to study artificial intelligence software’s accuracy in
   identifying two groups of people by gender. There were 385 photos of
   lighter-skinned men, not 296, and 296 of lighter-skinned women, not
   385.

   Follow Steve Lohr on Twitter @SteveLohr
   A version of this article appears in print on , Section B, Page 1 of
   the New York edition with the headline: Facial Recognition Works Best
   If You’re a White Guy. Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe
     *
     *
     *
     * (BUTTON)

Related Coverage

As China Marches Forward on A.I., the White House Is Silent

   Feb. 12, 2018
   Image

China’s Intelligent Weaponry Gets Smarter

   Feb. 3, 2017
   Image

Tech Giants Are Paying Huge Salaries for Scarce A.I. Talent

   Oct. 22, 2017
   Image

A New Way for Machines to See, Taking Shape in Toronto

   Nov. 28, 2017
   Image

   Advertisement

Site Index

   Go to Home Page »

   news
     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

   opinion
     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

   arts
     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

   living
     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

   listings & more
     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

news

     * home page
     * world
     * U.S.
     * politics
     * Election 2020
     * New York
     * business
     * tech
     * science
     * climate
     * sports
     * obituaries
     * the upshot
     * Español
     * 中文网
     * today's paper
     * corrections

opinion

     * today's opinion
     * op-ed columnists
     * editorials
     * op-ed Contributors
     * letters
     * sunday review
     * video: opinion

arts

     * today's arts
     * art & design
     * books
     * dance
     * movies
     * music
     * Pop Culture
     * television
     * theater
     * watching
     * video: arts

living

     * automobiles
     * Cooking
     * crossword
     * education
     * food
     * health
     * jobs
     * magazine
     * parenting
     * real estate
     * style
     * t magazine
     * travel
     * love

more

     * Reader Center
     * Wirecutter
     * Live Events
     * The Learning Network
     * tools & services
     * N.Y.C. events guide
     * multimedia
     * photography
     * video
     * Newsletters
     * NYT store
     * times journeys
     * manage my account

Subscribe

     * home delivery
     * digital subscriptions
     * Crossword
     * Cooking

     * email newsletters
     * corporate subscriptions
     * education rate

     * mobile applications
     * replica edition
     * Español
     * 中文网

Site Information Navigation

     * © 2019

   The New York Times Company
     * Contact Us
     * Work with us
     * Advertise
     * T Brand Studio
     * Your Ad Choices
     * Privacy
     * Terms of Service
     * Terms of Sale
     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Subscriptions

   IFRAME:
   https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-P528B3&gtm_auth=tfAzqo1
   rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
