
   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019
   Log inSubscribe

   Read the full article
   Free for 30 days
   Start your free trial

Bailout fund to prop up businesses after Brexit

   No-deal plans accelerated amid recession fears
   Steven Swinford, Deputy Political Editor

   August 10 2019, 10:00am, The Times
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapse
   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapseLiam McBurney/Press Association

   Boris Johnson is drawing up plans for a bailout fund to prop up
   businesses in the event of a no-deal Brexit amid fears that the economy
   is on the cusp of a recession.

   Michael Gove, who is leading the no-deal preparations, confirmed for
   the first time that ministers were working on a package to help
   companies at risk of collapse.

   The Times understands that the government has drawn up a secret list of
   big British employers that are considered most at risk, with the worst
   affected expected to be in the construction and manufacturing sectors.

   The prime minister’s Brexit war cabinet is expected to discuss the
   bailout plans, known as “Operation Kingfisher”, next week amid growing
   concern that a no-deal Brexit could tip businesses…
   Want to read more?
   Subscribe now and get unlimited digital access on web and our
   smartphone and tablet apps, free for your first month.
   ____________________ ____________________Start your free trial
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   You are currently logged out

Get one month’s free unlimited access

   Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter most.
   Start your trial

Keep up to date using Android and iOS apps for Smartphone and Tablet

   Get The International Pack for free for your first 30 days for
   unlimited Smartphone and Tablet access.
   Start your free trial

   Already a member? Log in

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscribe to get one month’s free unlimited access
   ____________________ Start your free trial
   Log in (BUTTON) Register

   Already a subscriber or registered access user? Login

   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019

   Log inSubscribe

The Times & The Sunday Times Homepage

   times Masthead Monday October 7 2019 5PM UPDATE

The ups and downs of Downing Street

   Get a broader perspective of the political landscape with 30 days’
   complimentary digital access.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

Know the score

   Follow every game and every goal with unlimited digital access for 30
   days.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

From fashion to food

   Get inspiration and discover the latest trends with 30 days’ unlimited
   digital access.
   Start your free trial
   (BUTTON) The ups and downs of Downing Street (BUTTON) Know the score
   (BUTTON) From fashion to food

News

In the News

Rachel Sylvester

   Johnson needs more than Brexit to win over Labour voters

World at five

   Orphans of Isis sex slaves have no place in a harsh world

Dr Mark Porter

   What to do if the pharmacist can’t fill your prescription

Mike Atherton

   Is Chris Silverwood the right man to coach England?

   video

PM will call Trump over wife of ‘spy’ who fled UK after crash

   updated

   Boris Johnson will personally ask Donald Trump to waive immunity for a
   diplomat’s wife who fled Britain after a fatal crash if the US
   continues to refuse, Downing Street has said. The crash victim, Harry
   Dunn, 19, suffered multiple injuries when his motorcycle and a car
   collided on August 27...Boris Johnson will personally ask Donald Trump
   to waive immunity for a diplomat’s wife who fled Britain after a fatal
   crash if the US continues to refuse, Downing Street has said. The crash
   victim, Harry Dunn, 19, suffered multiple injuries when his motorcycle
   and a car collided on August 27...Boris Johnson will personally ask
   Donald Trump to waive immunity for a diplomat’s wife who fled Britain
   after a fatal crash if...
   Read the full story

   ANALYSIS

History shows that the US rarely waives immunity

   new

   The last time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic
   immunity at Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at the embassy
   in London was arrested for spying for Germany. Tyler Kent was sentenced
   to seven years in prison for breaches of the Official Secrets Act after
   he copied communications from Winston Churchill to President...The last
   time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic immunity at
   Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at the embassy in London was
   arrested for spying for Germany. Tyler Kent was sentenced to seven
   years in prison for breaches of the Official Secrets Act after he
   copied communications from Winston Churchill to President...The last
   time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic immunity at
   Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at...
   Read the full story
   The humpback whale is thought to have entered the Thames estuary on the
   spring tide

Fears for safety of 30ft humpback whale spotted in the Thames

   new

   Fears were growing today for the welfare of a humpback whale that has
   been spotted in the Thames. The whale, believed to be more than 30ft
   long, was last seen near Greenhithe, near the Dartford Crossing to the
   east of London. Experts warned that the whale was “moving in the
   direction we don’t want it to”. It is...Fears were growing today for
   the welfare of a humpback whale that has been spotted in the
   Thames.Fears were growing today for the welfare of a humpback whale
   that has been spotted in the Thames.
   Read the full story

   video

Police fail to prevent Extinction Rebellion causing chaos

   updated
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F870b1c16-e90c-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=2985%2C3731%2C83%2C160&resize=320]
   Members of Extinction Rebellion occupied the Mall as its two-week
   campaign of blockades began

Call centre worker joins lawyer, vicar and ex‑deputy head to fight for the
planet

   new
   There were inconsistencies in the evidence of Carl Beech at the time
   when police seeking search warrants told a judge that he was a credible
   witness

‘Unlawful’ failings in abuse inquiry a learning opportunity, police watchdog
finds

   new
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F9b227be2-e8d3-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=1829%2C1029%2C46%2C304&resize=320]

   video

Arcuri dodges questions on Johnson affair in TV interview

   Hugo Rifkind | Comment

What pole dancer’s lessons tell us about the PM

   new

YouTube axes ‘aggressive’ pickup‑artist channels

   new

   The aggressive methods of male “pickup artists” have been exposed by an
   undercover investigation leading to YouTube closing down two popular
   channels. The Google-owned video website terminated the Addy A-Game and
   Street...The aggressive methods of male “pickup artists” have been
   exposed by an undercover investigation leading to YouTube closing down
   two popular channels. The Google-owned video website terminated the
   Addy A-Game and Street...The aggressive methods of male “pickup
   artists” have been exposed by an undercover investigation leading to
   YouTube...
   Read the full story

Johnson in last‑ditch bid to save Brexit plan

   Boris Johnson was in talks last night to save his Brexit plan after
   being warned by European leaders that the deal would not be approved at
   next week’s crunch summit unless he backed down. The prime minister
   used a round of... Boris Johnson was in talks last night to save his
   Brexit plan after being warned by European leaders that the deal would
   not be approved at next week’s crunch summit unless he backed down. The
   prime minister used a round of... Boris Johnson was in talks last night
   to save his Brexit plan after being warned by European leaders that the
   deal...
   Read the full story

   Bruno Waterfield | analysis

EU’s demands are poison for prime minister

   Analysis

Deal or no-deal: what happens next

   new
   Chris Skidmore, the universities minister, is to tell bosses to avoid a
   repeat next year

   Student digs

Universities under fire as accommodation crisis hits students

   student digs | Behind the story

Boom in admissions has driven housing shortage

   More than 1,500 undergraduates have been unable to move into their
   booked accommodation

   student digs

Students are forced to live in budget hotels

   Gregg Semenza, Peter Ratcliffe and William Kaelin were announced as the
   joint winners of the prize at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm

Oxford scientist wins Nobel prize for medicine

   Michael Gove’s Brexit operations committee has drawn up a list of
   issues that could hit Ireland after a no-deal Brexit

Brexit group draws up no-deal danger list to lean on Ireland

Crucial dates as deadline day looms

   Comment | John Curtice

Delivery rather than detail gives Johnson the edge over May

   RED BOX | MATT CHORLEY

Another fine mess

   The legal advice given by Geoffrey Cox, the attorney-general, has been
   kept secret

Rebel alliance wants legal advice revealed

   red box | tom pashby

Welcome to our green revolution, Corbyn and Johnson, but what took you?

   British politics is being influenced by the fight against climate
   change as never before, from the high-profile protests of Extinction
   Rebellion, which start again today, to the Labour Party’s shift towards
   a more radical...British politics is being influenced by the fight
   against climate change as never before, from the high-profile protests
   of Extinction Rebellion, which start again today, to the Labour Party’s
   shift towards a more radical...British politics is being influenced by
   the fight against climate change as never before, from the
   high-profile...
   Read the full story

   red box | Alex Chalk and Victoria Prentis

We voted Remain but believe in democracy: now let’s leave

   Three and a half years ago we both voted Remain in the referendum. But
   for us it is no longer about whether we were Remainers or not, but
   whether we are democrats. In the biggest vote in our nation’s history,
   the people voted...Three and a half years ago we both voted Remain in
   the referendum. But for us it is no longer about whether we were
   Remainers or not, but whether we are democrats. In the biggest vote in
   our nation’s history, the people voted...Three and a half years ago we
   both voted Remain in the referendum. But for us it is no longer about
   whether we were...
   Read the full story

   red box | joe twyman

Get Brexit done? It’s more complicated than that

   red box | andrew o'brien

Business must face its responsibilities and stop resisting efforts to tackle
low pay

The Lady opens school for servants

   For more than 130 years The Lady has been the first port of call for
   society families seeking domestic staff. Now the women’s magazine is
   diversifying for the 21st century by launching a residential training
   school for bodyguards, butlers and...For more than 130 years The Lady
   has been the first port of call for society families seeking...For more
   than 130 years The Lady has been the first port of call for society
   families seeking...
   Read the full story
   The publisher of The Lady is turning Bylaugh Hall into a school where
   trainees will learn how to protect wealthy employers

Antidepressant use by over-65s doubles in 20 years

   The proportion of older people taking antidepressants more than doubled
   between 1990 and 2010, despite there having been no corresponding rise
   in the prevalence of depression, a study has found. In the early 1990s
   fewer than...The proportion of older people taking antidepressants more
   than doubled between 1990 and 2010, despite there having been no
   corresponding rise in the prevalence of depression, a study has found.
   In the early 1990s fewer than...The proportion of older people taking
   antidepressants more than doubled between 1990 and 2010, despite there
   having...
   Read the full story

Officials ‘knew of hepatitis infections from tainted blood’

   Officials at the Department of Health knew that people were falling ill
   with hepatitis from contaminated blood products in the early 1970s but
   allowed the infected treatments to remain in use, documents have
   suggested. In the...Officials at the Department of Health knew that
   people were falling ill with hepatitis from contaminated blood products
   in the early 1970s but allowed the infected treatments to remain in
   use, documents have suggested. In the...Officials at the Department of
   Health knew that people were falling ill with hepatitis from
   contaminated blood...
   Read the full story
   The royal couples appear in a video promoting Every Mind Matters

Royal couples lead NHS mental health advert

   Sara Khan, head of the commission, said: “The government must urgently
   overhaul its approach to challenging extremism, starting with a new
   definition of hateful extremism, a new government strategy and a home
   secretary-led task force” .

Government drive to tackle extremism is ‘inadequate’

   Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been held since 2016

Zaghari-Ratcliffe asks why she is in jail after Australians were freed

   Joshua Molnar said he stabbed Yousef Makki in self-defence

Family refuse to forgive teenager cleared of killing boy in knife fight

   Natasha Ednan-Laperouse died from an allergic reaction to sesame in a
   baguette from Pret a Manger

Fear of allergy deaths pushes food recalls to five-year high

   Nearly 90 per cent of kinship carers were not given any advice when the
   children moved in, a charity found

Grandparents demand help caring for children

   clean air for all

Get tough on idling engines, drivers tell councils

   About 70 per cent of motorists want councils to take action against
   drivers who leave the engine running while their car is parked, a
   survey suggests. Of them 44 per cent said that officials should tell
   people to switch off their engine and...About 70 per cent of motorists
   want councils to take action against drivers who leave the
   engine...About 70 per cent of motorists want councils to take action
   against drivers who leave the engine...
   Read the full story
   Nicholas Lyes, the RAC’s head of roads policy, said that councils could
   deal with idling engines but few were using the powers
   Princess Margaret used smoking as a way to express her feelings, says
   Helena Bonham Carter, who portrays her in the third series of The Crown

   cheltenham literature festival

Margaret helped me from beyond the grave, says Bonham Carter

   The final scene of The Italian Job features a coach teetering on an
   Alpine ledge with Charlie Croker, his gang and his looted gold inside
   it

   cheltenham literature festival

They were only supposed to make a bloody sequel

   Sebastian Faulks says that he believes he has “paid his dues” when it
   comes to his subject matter

   cheltenham literature festival

Time to look on bright side, says Faulks

   After a career spent chronicling the miseries of the 20th century,
   Sebastian Faulks has said it is time to write...After a career spent
   chronicling the miseries of the 20th century, Sebastian Faulks has said
   it...After a career spent chronicling the miseries of the 20th century,
   Sebastian Faulks has said it...
   Read the full story
   John Humphrys retired from BBC Radio 4 last month. He believes that
   liberal bias affects the corporation’s coverage

   Cheltenham literature festival | VIDEO

Humphrys accuses BBC of bias in transgender debate

   The BBC’s liberal bias has resulted in a sympathetic rather than a
   neutral, detached approach to the issues raised in...The BBC’s liberal
   bias has resulted in a sympathetic rather than a neutral, detached
   approach to...The BBC’s liberal bias has resulted in a sympathetic
   rather than a neutral, detached approach to...
   Read the full story

Kevin Maher

   Teachers find relationship advice a sticky subject
   Times2
   Kevin Maher

‘Diet face’ fears

   Can staying slim take its toll on your features?
   LIFE
   ‘Diet face’ fears

Domestic abuse

   My life under the sinister shadow of coercive control
   LIFE
   Domestic abuse

Ask Tanya Byron

   ‘Our daughter is divorced, in debt and won’t get a job’
   LIFE
   Ask Tanya Byron

Screen demons

   Zombies, schoolgirls and Hitler at London Film Festival
   ARTS
   Screen demons
   Temporary lighting is set up during a power cut affecting Clapham
   Junction train station in London on August 9

Water supply was affected when blackouts hit a million homes

   Sally Soames photographed by a colleague. She captured Helen Mirren in
   rehearsal at the Royal Court, 1981, among many other stars

Portrait artist who gave personality to the news

   Tops Day Nurseries has introduced “biting boxes”

Chew toys to stop frustrated children biting at nursery

   Unilever makes more than 400 consumer products

Unilever promises to halve its use of new plastic in six years

Cybercrooks conned man with AI fake of boss’s voice

   Cyberscammers persuaded a British businessman to transfer £200,000 to
   an unknown Hungarian bank account by using artificial intelligence to
   mimic his boss’s voice. Criminals used “deep-fake” technology to give
   orders to the...Cyberscammers persuaded a British businessman to
   transfer £200,000 to an unknown Hungarian bank account by using
   artificial intelligence to mimic his boss’s voice. Criminals used
   “deep-fake” technology to give orders to the...Cyberscammers persuaded
   a British businessman to transfer £200,000 to an unknown Hungarian bank
   account by using...
   Read the full story

Courts blamed for delayed evictions

   Landlords have complained that repossessions are taking more than twice
   as long to get through the courts amid allegations that officials are
   breaching their own timetabling rules. Government figures show that the
   rules...Landlords have complained that repossessions are taking more
   than twice as long to get through the courts amid allegations that
   officials are breaching their own timetabling rules. Government figures
   show that the rules...Landlords have complained that repossessions are
   taking more than twice as long to get through the courts amid...
   Read the full story
   The iPlayer is the most popular British rival to international
   subscription on-demand services such as Netflix

BBC iPlayer with human touch to take on the streaming giants

   The toughness of silk improves with low temperatures

Scientists untangle secrets of the spider’s web

   A friend of the Duchess of Sussex described the letter as an olive
   branch to her father

Meghan’s friends leaked letter first, insists her father

   Andrew’s visit to Australia may have been kept deliberately low-key

One fan turns up for Prince Andrew’s visit to Australian university

   In Scotland 27.5 per cent of employees are unhappy in their work,
   according to a survey by Engaging Works

Scots most likely to be gloomy at work

   The wild ponies of Dartmoor are being encouraged to associate roads
   with treats and the number being killed is rising

Tourist treats put ponies in danger

News in pictures

   For more pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more
   pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more pictures from
   The Times, follow us on Instagram
   Read the full story
   Re-enactors gathered to see Just Jane, a MkVII Avro Lancaster, on
   Saturday at the Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre at former RAF
   East Kirkby
   (BUTTON) Show more

Comment

Johnson needs more than Brexit to win over Labour voters

   Rachel Sylvester

   A swathe of low earners in the north and Midlands could be persuaded to
   turn out for the Tories but only if their real concerns are addressed
   new

   CLARE FOGES

Climate activists need Middle England allies

   james marriott

Rise of gender-based internet clubs is toxic

   carol midgley

I’ll miss staff at Thomas Cook, if not their bosses

   anthony seldon

Schools are failing to prepare students for university life

Readers’ poll

   Should all public and workplace lavatories be gender-neutral?
   HAVE YOUR SAY

   ed lucas

Meat is off the menu as hi-tech rivals thrive

   My German friend opened a small bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of
   newly cooked sausages filled my nostrils. “We can make the smell,” he
   said. “But we can’t do the taste. Yet.” That was 1984, in the offices
   of Melchers & Co, a Bremen-based...My German friend opened a small
   bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of newly cooked sausages filled...My
   German friend opened a small bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of newly
   cooked sausages filled...
   Read the full story
   times leaders logo

   Leading Articles

Border Dispute

   The prime minister’s Brexit plan won’t work without Northern Irish
   consent. There is a risk that moves towards a united Ireland will be
   accelerated

A Change in the Climate

   Viable policies to combat climate change require more than loud
   protests

Happiness Writes White

   One of the virtues of great art is the consolation it can offer for
   misery

   letters to the editor

Wallace Collection and making art accessible

   Sir, I doubt that the trustees of the Wallace Collection are, as Sir
   John Lewis implies, in breach of trust by agreeing to lend from it
   (“National treasures split for first time” and letter, Oct 5) but, even
   if they are, I admire their desire...Sir, I doubt that the trustees of
   the Wallace Collection are, as Sir John Lewis implies, in...Sir, I
   doubt that the trustees of the Wallace Collection are, as Sir John
   Lewis implies, in...
   Read the full story
   Daily Universal Slice Masthead

Daily Universal Register

Briefing

   UK: Bill Gates delivers the Professor Hawking Fellowship lecture in
   Cambridge.

On this day

   In 1949 the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) was founded.
   Nature notes

Nature notes

   The first redwings have been arriving. These early individuals often
   travel alone, or in flocks of four or five. They come into hawthorn
   hedges and bushes for the abundant crimson berries, and sometimes can
   be seen peering out from among them, showing the white stripes above
   and beneath their eye, like a pair of spectacles. They are like
   slightly smaller song thrushes, but have a large red splash on their
   flank, which in practice is often hidden by their closed wing, but is
   conspicuous when they fly up. They come here for the winter from
   Iceland and Scandinavia, and soon they will arrive in much larger
   flocks. As they pass overhead at night, their distinctive, thin “seeip”
   calls come down from their dark shapes. As winter comes on and the
   berries run out, they turn to feeding on worms in the fields, and
   eventually about 700,000 redwings will move about the countryside.

   Derwent May
   (BUTTON) Show more
   Birthdays

Birthdays today

   Dame Jenny Abramsky, chairwoman, Royal Academy of Music and Royal
   Ballet, 73; Deborah Annetts, chief executive, Incorporated Society of
   Musicians, 59; Felicity Aston, polar explorer, 42; Alison Balsom,
   classical trumpet soloist, 41; Toni Braxton, singer, Breathe Again
   (1993), 52; Yvonne Brewster, theatre director, 81; Simon Cowell, music
   and TV impresario, 60; Alesha Dixon, singer, Drummer Boy (2010), 41;
   Charles Dutoit, artistic director and principal conductor, Royal
   Philharmonic Orchestra (2009-18), 83; Mark Girouard, architectural
   historian, 88; Lord (Simon) Glenarthur, former Conservative government
   minister, 75; Kevin Godley, musician and music video director, 10cc and
   Godley & Creme, 74; Sir Tony Hawkhead, chief executive, Action for
   Children (2014-18), 62; Robin Jackson, chief executive and secretary
   (interim), British Academy (also 2006-15), 70; Clive James,
   broadcaster, chat-show host, author and poet, Sentenced to Life (2015),
   80; Ann Jones, tennis player, Wimbledon women’s singles champion
   (1969), 81; Thomas Keneally, author, Schindler’s Ark (1982, Booker
   Prize), 84; Yo-Yo Ma, cellist, 64; John Mellencamp, singer-songwriter,
   Hurts So Good (1982), 68; Tim Minchin, musician and comedian, 44; Prof
   John Mitchell, principal research fellow, Meteorological Office, 71;
   Oliver North, senior member of the US national security council during
   the Iran-Contra scandal of the late 1980s, 76; Vladimir Putin,
   president of Russia, 67; Major-General Julian Thompson, commanded 3
   Commando Brigade during the Falklands conflict, 85; Jayne Torvill, ice
   dancer, Olympic gold medallist (1984), 62; Most Rev Desmond Tutu,
   Archbishop of Cape Town (1986-96), 88; Prof Sir David Wallace,
   physicist, master of Churchill College, University of Cambridge
   (2006-14), 74; Thom Yorke, singer-songwriter, Radiohead, Creep (1992),
   51.
   (BUTTON) Show more
   (BUTTON) Show more

World

   WORLD AT FIVE

Orphans of Isis have no place in a harsh world

   new

   Four-year-old Nada cannot sing a nursery rhyme that includes the words
   “mum” or “mother”. Each time she hears the words she ceases all
   movement and bursts into tears, remembering her Yazidi mother who had
   no choice but to hand her over to the care of an institution this year.
   “Just the sound of the word ‘mum’ traumatises her with recollection of
   the separation that...Four-year-old Nada cannot sing a nursery rhyme
   that includes the words “mum” or “mother”. Each...Four-year-old Nada
   cannot sing a nursery rhyme that includes the words “mum” or “mother”.
   Each...
   Read the full story
   The childcare centre in Ramilan, northern Syria, has 40 small children
   left behind by former sex-slave mothers who faced an impossible choice
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Fabec1230-e900-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=1663%2C1108%2C188%2C239&resize=320]

   video

Iraq admits using excessive force to quash riots, killing scores

   The videos show what appear to be raucous but normal protests, street
   scenes from anywhere around the world. Young...The videos show what
   appear to be raucous but normal protests, street scenes from anywhere
   around the world. Young men chant, calling for the downfall of their
   government, conducted from the front by leaders, with lines of riot
   police in the background. Then the protests are interrupted, out of the
   blue and without...The videos show what appear to be raucous but normal
   protests, street scenes from anywhere around the world. Young men
   chant...
   Read the full story
   The SDF said the US has assured them it would not allow Turkish
   military operations in Kurdish-controlled Syria

Trump has stabbed us in the back over US troop withdrawal, claim Kurds

   new

   ANALYSIS

Will Trump’s move spark Turkey-Syria war?

   Protesters refer to the police in Hong Kong as dogs while officers call
   the protesters cockroaches

Lack of trust in the police turns Hong Kong protesters vigilante

   new
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Ff306ae4a-e8f7-11e9-b84b-ece3c0412
   5d8.jpg?crop=1592%2C896%2C4%2C2&resize=320]

   video

In pictures: Putin models new outdoor chic for his 67th birthday

   A record 35 candidates will be vying to replace Maithripala Sirisena,
   who will not be standing for president again

Rajapaksa brothers eye comeback as Sri Lankan president quits after ‘annus
horribilis’

   new
   The Communist Party staged a massive military parade in Beijing last
   week to celebrate its 70-year rule

Five detained for mocking China’s military parade

   The Solomon Islands became the latest country to give Taiwan the cold
   shoulder when it switched diplomatic recognition to China last month

Australia invests in Solomon Islands as Beijing’s influence grows in Pacific

   new

   Australia is to invest in the Solomon Islands as part of an attempt to
   counter China’s growing influence in the tiny...Australia is to invest
   in the Solomon Islands as part of an attempt to counter China’s
   growing...Australia is to invest in the Solomon Islands as part of an
   attempt to counter China’s growing...
   Read the full story
   Tony Abbott blames Malcolm Turnbull, his Liberal Party rival, for
   undermining him and bringing his premiership to an early end

I was wrong to give Prince Philip a knighthood, admits former Australian PM

   new

   Australia’s former prime minister Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader
   of the Liberal Party after he gave...Australia’s former prime minister
   Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader of the Liberal...Australia’s
   former prime minister Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader of the
   Liberal...
   Read the full story
   Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippine president, told a crowd that he had
   myasthenia gravis during a speech in Russia over the weekend

Duterte reveals that he has autoimmune disease

   EU countries fear another migration crisis is imminent unless more is
   done to help Greece, Italy and Spain to secure Europe’s sea borders

Bigger refugee crisis looming, EU warned

   President Trump has called the first whistleblower a spy, suggesting he
   should be unmasked

New whistleblower to testify on Trump’s Ukraine call

   Albin Kurti, the leader of Vetevendosje, told huge crowds gathered in
   Pristina that the result was a “national celebration”

Former student protest leader wins Kosovo election

How can we go green, Macron asks 150 citizens

   The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading to an assembly hall
   boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed ceiling. The task
   immense: transform France into a green economy. Yet in the middle of
   all the...The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading to an
   assembly hall boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed ceiling.
   The task immense: transform France into a green economy. Yet in the
   middle of all the...The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading
   to an assembly hall boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed...
   Read the full story

Taliban chiefs meet US envoy in bid to resurrect peace deal

   Taliban leaders have met the US special envoy for Afghanistan for the
   first time since peace talks collapsed last month. Despite President
   Trump declaring the negotiations dead, militant leaders held
   clandestine talks in...Taliban leaders have met the US special envoy
   for Afghanistan for the first time since peace talks collapsed last
   month. Despite President Trump declaring the negotiations dead,
   militant leaders held clandestine talks in...Taliban leaders have met
   the US special envoy for Afghanistan for the first time since peace
   talks collapsed last month.
   Read the full story
   Kim Myong-gil, the North Korean chief negotiator, reads a statement
   outside the country’s embassy in Stockholm

Nuclear meeting a waste of time, says North Korea

   Saudi Arabia is keen to attract far more tourists to cities such as
   Riyadh

Saudi hotels open doors to the unmarried

   FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT

The staff at one Tunis hair salon are all deaf but they’ve got plenty to say

   Tunisian hair salons are noisy places, full of gossip, and whoever cuts
   your hair may be part-time therapist or estate agent too. At the Dove
   Salon in Tunis, the chat is different. Behind a curtain on a street in
   the medina, the one-room...Tunisian hair salons are noisy places, full
   of gossip, and whoever cuts your hair may be...Tunisian hair salons are
   noisy places, full of gossip, and whoever cuts your hair may be...
   Read the full story
   Layli Foroudi used hand signals to indicate roughly the look she wanted
   Christopher Bergan had flown in from Norway

Tragic end to son-in-law’s birthday surprise

   Pope Francis opened a synod into the future of the Amazon region
   yesterday. Conservative cardinals have criticised a proposal to ordain
   older, married men there

Back Francis, former pope tells cardinals

   Romanian and Hungarian nationalists clashed at the war memorial at
   Valea Uzului

Tensions over Transylvanian war graves

   The home in Kitzbühel where five people were murdered

Jealous boyfriend admits five murders in ski resort

Anti-Putin protesters jailed for six years

   Human rights groups have criticised the long jail sentences given to
   two protesters who held up signs calling for the Russian government to
   resign. Yan Sidorov, 19, and Vladislav Mordasov, 24, were arrested
   outside a local...Human rights groups have criticised the long jail
   sentences given to two protesters who held up signs calling for the
   Russian government to resign. Yan Sidorov, 19, and Vladislav Mordasov,
   24, were arrested outside a local...Human rights groups have criticised
   the long jail sentences given to two protesters who held up signs
   calling for the...
   Read the full story

‘Police killer was radicalised in 2010’

   President Macron faced pressure yesterday to sack his interior minister
   over failures that enabled a radical Islamist to work undetected in the
   police intelligence unit and then kill four of his colleagues. Édouard
   Philippe...President Macron faced pressure yesterday to sack his
   interior minister over failures that enabled a radical Islamist to work
   undetected in the police intelligence unit and then kill four of his
   colleagues. Édouard Philippe...President Macron faced pressure
   yesterday to sack his interior minister over failures that enabled a
   radical Islamist...
   Read the full story
   Conservative activists gather in Paris to protest against a bill that
   would give lesbian couples and single women access to IVF

Paris protest against law to allow IVF for lesbians

   Market traders in Dhaka, Bangladesh, have been forced to look elsewhere
   to import onions after prices soared by 700 per cent when India, a
   leading producer, banned exports

Onion prices bring tears to the average Indian’s eyes

   (BUTTON) Show more

Business

Shareholder chat forums should be shut down, says Sirius boss

   new

   Online shareholder chat forums are a “disgrace” and should be shut
   down, according to the boss of Sirius Minerals. Chris Fraser, chief
   executive, said the Financial Conduct Authority should investigate the
   bulletin boards where many Sirius retail shareholders discuss their
   investments. The...Online shareholder chat forums are a “disgrace” and
   should be shut down, according to the boss of Sirius Minerals. Chris
   Fraser, chief executive, said the Financial Conduct Authority should
   investigate the bulletin boards where many Sirius retail shareholders
   discuss their investments. The...Online shareholder chat forums are a
   “disgrace” and should be shut down, according to the boss of Sirius
   Minerals. Chris Fraser...
   Read the full story

House prices growing at slowest rate since 2013, says Halifax

   House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in September, according to
   the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the increase in the
   year-on-year price to 1.1 per cent, down from 1.8 per cent in August
   and the lowest since April 2013. Russell Galley, managing director at
   the mortgage lender Halifax, said: “Annual house price growth
   slowed...House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in September,
   according to the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the increase in
   the year-on-year price to 1.1 per cent, down from 1.8 per cent in
   August and the lowest since April 2013. Russell Galley, managing
   director at the mortgage lender Halifax, said: “Annual house price
   growth slowed...House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in
   September, according to the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the
   increase in...
   Read the full story
   President Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on all goods that the
   US imports from China

China rejects trade concessions demanded by America

   new

   China does not plan to offer key trade concessions demanded by the
   United States when high-level talks resume this week. Liu He, China’s
   vice premier and top trade negotiator, has told American officials that
   Beijing will not commit to reforms of Chinese government subsidies and
   industrial policy, according to...China does not plan to offer key
   trade concessions demanded by the United States when high-level...China
   does not plan to offer key trade concessions demanded by the United
   States when high-level...
   Read the full story

Worst September for retail sales as consumers spend elsewhere

   new
   Streaming services such as Amazon Prime and its period drama The
   Marvelous Mrs Maisel proved a bigger draw for consumer cash than
   traditional retail
   SIG, the building materials supplier, saw its shares fall this morning
   as a result of the deterioration in construction activity

Investors hit roof as SIG issues profit warning

   The bank plans to shed a further 10,000 staff and streamline its
   management

HSBC to slash jobs in Europe and US

   comment

Hiring non-execs isn’t difficult – but may backfire

   new

   The heart sank a little this weekend when it was reported that Aston
   Martin Lagonda was under pressure to address its...The heart sank a
   little this weekend when it was reported that Aston Martin Lagonda was
   under...The heart sank a little this weekend when it was reported that
   Aston Martin Lagonda was under...
   Read the full story

   comment

Government’s spending spree in the regions is just what they need

   new

   Nine years ago, David Cameron took the Tories into an election
   promising austerity. George Osborne, the former prime...Nine years ago,
   David Cameron took the Tories into an election promising austerity.
   George...Nine years ago, David Cameron took the Tories into an election
   promising austerity. George...
   Read the full story
   Sanjeev Gupta has taken advantage of the financial distress of Tata
   Steel and the failure of Caparo Industries to build up his Liberty
   House group

‘Every country needs core industries, but the UK has given up’

   De La Rue lost the contract to print British passports after Brexit

De La Rue appoints ‘turnaround specialist’ as CEO

   Liberty House has expanded through the acquisition of plants from Tata
   Steel UK and the failed Caparo Industries to become Britain’s biggest
   steel company

Steel tycoon opens the books to silence critics

   The group sells furniture directly from designers online

Rentals may soon become part of the furniture at Made

   Jacopo Marzocco, who is leading an investment drive in London, is part
   of the Marzocco family that built the Tour Odéon skyscraper in Monaco

Family behind Monaco’s best addresses move in to London

   Funding Circle, the small business lender has lost about 80 per cent of
   its value since it came to market a year ago.

   working life

Storm warning takes wind out of peer-to-peer lending’s sails

   comment

A brave chancellor must be ready to cut taxes and simplify the system

   Although no one seems clear about how a general election will actually
   be triggered, there is a widely held view that...Although no one seems
   clear about how a general election will actually be triggered, there is
   a...Although no one seems clear about how a general election will
   actually be triggered, there is a...
   Read the full story

   Comment

We at Unilever need to tackle the problem of ocean plastics

   By the time you’ve read this article, the equivalent of two rubbish
   trucks of plastic will have been dumped into our...By the time you’ve
   read this article, the equivalent of two rubbish trucks of plastic will
   have...By the time you’ve read this article, the equivalent of two
   rubbish trucks of plastic will have...
   Read the full story
   Imperial ousted Alison Cooper as chief executive after nine years in
   response to long-running investor discontent

‘Legal issues’ delay hunt for tobacco boss

   friends at a pub toasting, having a good time, birds view

Pub chief denies business rate claim

   M&amp;G Prudential is investing £875 million to buy and fund the
   development of the office scheme

Backing for Gotham City tower is home win for UK

   John Bolton, the former US national security adviser, promised this
   summer to start incrementally introducing a trade accord “very quickly”
   after the October 31 exit date

Piecemeal deal with US risks legal fight, ex-trade judge says

   Increased scrutiny of the four largest firms has created “lots more
   opportunities” for BDO

Joint auditing on its way, says top accountant

   A third of UK businesses feel they are exposed to a supply chain risk
   if there is a hard Brexit

Small firms in the dark on their suppliers’ readiness for Brexit

   Mike Ashley has described the business as “nothing short of terminal”

Ashley ‘to close House of Fraser stores’

   Mike Ashley’s Sports Direct is reported to be preparing to shut down
   more House of Fraser stores at the end of the...Mike Ashley’s Sports
   Direct is reported to be preparing to shut down more House of Fraser
   stores...Mike Ashley’s Sports Direct is reported to be preparing to
   shut down more House of Fraser stores...
   Read the full story
   Eddie Stobart’s third-largest investor must make a takeover offer today

The week ahead

   This week brings some conclusions, or at least big developments, in
   merger and acquisitions deals. Today marks the...This week brings some
   conclusions, or at least big developments, in merger and acquisitions
   deals.This week brings some conclusions, or at least big developments,
   in merger and acquisitions deals.
   Read the full story
   Pied à Terre’s head chef, Asimakis Chaniotis, left, and its owner David
   Moore have plans for expansion

Chefs still reach for Michelin stars

   Meng Wanzhou, a senior Huawei executive, was arrested in Canada under a
   US extradition warrant

Vodafone aims to shut out rivals with radio mast tech

   The taxpayer has a £40.5 million exposure to the cost of returning
   110,000 Monarch passengers stranded after its collapse

Taxpayer unlikely to recoup cash from Monarch repatriation

   Which? said that research showed that some online adverts for financial
   products could be dangerously misleading

Savers attracted to risk-free adverts

   (BUTTON) Show more

Sport

   cricket | mike atherton

Silverwood has worked hard for his chance but this is a missed opportunity

   new

   Chris Silverwood comes with the strongest possible endorsement from the
   Essex and England cricketers with whom he has worked. Nobody I have
   spoken to has a bad word to say about him or his coaching skills.
   Nevertheless, his appointment to the role of England head coach feels
   like a missed opportunity to reorder the coaching set-up so that it is
   nimbler and more dynamic...Chris Silverwood comes with the strongest
   possible endorsement from the Essex and England...Chris Silverwood
   comes with the strongest possible endorsement from the Essex and
   England...
   Read the full story
   Silverwood already has a good relationship with the players

   cricket

New coach was picked after impressing in interview

   Chris Silverwood has been appointed England head coach and will take up
   the role immediately, leading the team in...Chris Silverwood has been
   appointed England head coach and will take up the role immediately,
   leading the team in their forthcoming tour of New Zealand. Silverwood
   has been England’s bowling coach for the past two years and prior to
   that coached Essex to the County Championship title. The 44-year-old
   former...Chris Silverwood has been appointed England head coach and
   will take up the role immediately, leading the team in their...
   Read the full story
   Sean and Matty Longstaff were superb in Newcastle’s 1-0 victory over
   United

   Football

How playfights and ice hockey shaped Longstaff brothers’ remarkable story

   new

   Football | Tom Roddy

Pulisic must do more to meet Chelsea’s lofty expectations

   new

   Football | Matthew Syed

I love Milner, a resilient professional who knows how much milk costs

   I love James Milner. I love that he had the composure to score with a
   penalty in the 95th minute to hand Liverpool...I love James Milner. I
   love that he had the composure to score with a penalty in the 95th
   minute...I love James Milner. I love that he had the composure to score
   with a penalty in the 95th minute...
   Read the full story

   Henry Winter

Lampard and Gerrard could fight for an England place again — as the next
manager

   new

   The country used to enter England week arguing furiously over whether
   Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard could play...The country used to enter
   England week arguing furiously over whether Steven Gerrard and
   Frank...The country used to enter England week arguing furiously over
   whether Steven Gerrard and Frank...
   Read the full story

   premier league | Henry Winter

United used to fight – now they surrender

   The chant pierced through the gloom surrounding the Manchester United
   supporters high up at St James’ Park. “We want Glazers out”, they sang
   over and over, highlighting widespread anger against owners who have
   forgotten that Manchester United...The chant pierced through the gloom
   surrounding the Manchester United supporters high up at St...The chant
   pierced through the gloom surrounding the Manchester United supporters
   high up at St...
   Read the full story
   United’s players look dejected as they suffered a disappointing defeat
   by Newcastle
   Traoré had not scored in the league in 13 months but claimed two
   yesterday

   premier league | Paul Hirst

City’s bungling backline gifts Wolves shock win

   Bamford was spat at by Millwall fans after being told to leave the
   nearest touchline when he was substituted

   Football

Referees told to use common sense over touchline laws amid player safety
fears

   new
   Bronze has 77 caps for England but was open to playing for Portugal had
   Hope Powell not come calling

   women's football

Bronze: I could have been facing England in a Portugal shirt

   new
   Featherstone, left, works for an agency which represents Sheffield
   Wednesday manager Garry Monk, right, and other current players

   Football

Agent charged after assault in pub toilet

The Ruck podcast

   Could England be tempted to take it easy against France to avoid
   ‘tougher’ draw?
   LISTEN NOW

   Rugby World Cup | Owen Slot

My plan to get miracles from minnows

   After the pool B game on Sunday, which New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil
   Davies, the Namibia coach, was rightly proud of his team. That is kind
   of perverse in itself. You wonder: how do you get your players’ minds
   around these hiding-to-nothing...After the pool B game on Sunday, which
   New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil Davies, the Namibia coach...After the
   pool B game on Sunday, which New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil Davies, the
   Namibia coach...
   Read the full story
   Farrell had an off-day with the boot and was quiet with ball in hand

   Rugby World Cup | Owen Slot

Farrell looks wasteful and ponderous after moving aside for Ford

   Rugby World Cup

How Ford took control after Argentina went down to 14 players

   rugby world cup | stuart barnes

Dangerous tackles, not red cards, will ruin tournament

   Galatians vi, 7: “For whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.” I
   don’t know if Owen Farrell knows his Bible but...Galatians vi, 7: “For
   whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.” I don’t know if Owen
   Farrell...Galatians vi, 7: “For whatever a man sows, that he will also
   reap.” I don’t know if Owen Farrell...
   Read the full story

   rugby world cup | david walsh

The tackle that sums up why this World Cup could be the best ever

   I am inclined to agree with Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the
   World Cup so far was TJ Perenara’s smile...I am inclined to agree with
   Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the World Cup so far was TJ...I
   am inclined to agree with Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the
   World Cup so far was TJ...
   Read the full story

The Game podcast

   City’s shoddy defending could cost them the title
   LISTEN NOW

   Cricket | Sarah Taylor interview

‘My anxiety meant I was in and out – it was tough’

   Sarah Taylor’s decision to bring an end to a glittering international
   career after a long battle with crippling anxiety was agonising. Now it
   has been made, she feels a sense of peace. The woman once described by
   Adam Gilchrist as the best wicketkeeper in the world, male or female,
   called time on her England career last month, bringing to an end 226
   appearances in...Sarah Taylor’s decision to bring an end to a
   glittering international career after a long battle...Sarah Taylor’s
   decision to bring an end to a glittering international career after a
   long battle...
   Read the full story
   Taylor was one of the star players as England women scaled new heights

   Cricket | Elizabeth Ammon

Fix batting order, balance workloads: what’s in new coach’s in-tray?

   Chris Silverwood has been named as the successor to Trevor Bayliss as
   the new England head coach, stepping up after...Chris Silverwood has
   been named as the successor to Trevor Bayliss as the new England head
   coach, stepping up after working for two years as bowling coach. After
   England’s failed Ashes campaign in the summer, what does Silverwood
   need to work on in the coming months? Sort out the batting
   Silverwood needs to...Chris Silverwood has been named as the successor
   to Trevor Bayliss as the new England head coach, stepping up after
   working for...
   Read the full story
   Abraham claimed his eighth league goal of the season with a lob over
   Southampton goalkeeper Gunn

   premier league

Abraham hits heights with timely memo to Southgate

   Luiz became only the sixth different player to score in the league for
   Arsenal this season

   premier league

Mature Luiz proves he has more to offer than comical errors

   Tottenham’s players show their dejection after Connolly gave Brighton a
   2-0 lead

   Premier League | James Gheerbrant

Players losing faith in Pochettino project

   No less an authority on management than Sir Alex Ferguson reckoned four
   seasons was the most you could wring from one...No less an authority on
   management than Sir Alex Ferguson reckoned four seasons was the most
   you...No less an authority on management than Sir Alex Ferguson
   reckoned four seasons was the most you...
   Read the full story

   Footbal | tony cascarino

Otamendi is floundering – but don’t write off City

   I am often baffled when Manchester City lose. Given what we know of the
   way that they can play, the heights that they...I am often baffled when
   Manchester City lose. Given what we know of the way that they can
   play...I am often baffled when Manchester City lose. Given what we know
   of the way that they can play...
   Read the full story
   Henderson is the only survivor from the England team that started
   against Malta in Southgate’s opening match as manager

   football

A ponderous beginning, but Southgate’s England now quicken the pulse

   premier league | paul joyce

Silva’s need to find Everton’s backbone and cutting edge is now critical

   Edmund is in a dismal run of form and will lose his status as British
   No 1

   Tennis

Edmund open to reunion with former coach after sixth consecutive defeat

   new
   GB endured their worst World Championship medal haul since 2005 under
   the leadership of Black

   Athletics

UK Athletics chief may quit after Salazar scandal

Rugby World Cup

   Who will win? Take on our writers with our interactive predictor
   PICK YOUR CHAMPIONS
   The Khalifa Stadium in Doha lights up during the closing ceremony of
   the World Athletics Championships

   Athletics | Rick Broadbent

Hope rises from hypocrisy at this two-faced event

   Hassan achieved an unprecedented double in the 1,500m and 10,000m

   athletics | Matt Lawton

Salazar athlete lashes out at questions over victory

   Harries fell as he was trying to hand over the baton to Yousif in the
   4x400m relay final

   athletics

British medal count falls short amid relay drama

   Coe said he had no regrets about taking World Championships to Qatar

   athletics

Coe admits that he has not read full doping report on Farah’s ex-coach

   Asher-Smith was Great Britain’s star turn with a gold medal and two
   silvers

   athletics

British women delighted to take centre stage

   Mount, centre, and Abraham, right, are excelling for Chelsea after
   benefitting from loan spells

   Football | Gregor Robertson

How managing loan players has become a scientific process

   Football | Gregor Robertson

Decision time for Wycombe fans on try-before-you-buy deal

   Mané goes down under the challenge of Albrighton for Liverpool’s
   last-gasp penalty, a decision that was upheld by VAR

   Premier League | Alyson Rudd

Klopp: it already feels like a title run-in

   Corbyn, who supports Arsenal, wants the Premier League wealth invested
   into grassroots game

   premier league

Corbyn: ban bad owners like Ashley

   Football | Henry Winter

Winter’s weekend wonders: Akinfenwa still delivering the goods at 37

   Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure on, “beast mode” on. Akinfenwa loves these
   challenges: a last-minute penalty opportunity to grab a point for
   Wycombe Wanderers against Peterborough United in League One. Straight
   run-up, slight pause, committing Christy...Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure
   on, “beast mode” on. Akinfenwa loves these challenges: a
   last-minute...Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure on, “beast mode” on.
   Akinfenwa loves these challenges: a last-minute...
   Read the full story
   Solskjaer’s side have made their worst start to a season for 30 years

   premier league

Solskjaer: making top four is a very tough task

   Matty Longstaff gets a rub on the head from Andy Carroll after scoring
   for Newcastle

   premier league

Longstaffs’ mum ‘jumped like lunatic’ at goal

   premier league

Guardiola’s case for the City defence

   Premier League

Grealish: England call will come

   Premier League

Free-transfer Cahill brings winning mentality to resolute Palace

   Premier League

Impressive Henderson feels the love

   football

FA wants England fans to ‘dob a yob’

   Women's football | molly hudson

Neville faces pressure after defeat by Brazil

   Silva says his squad must stick together after four successive league
   defeats

   premier league

Next match is must-win for Everton, admits ruffled Silva

   BeIN Sport’s Saudi Arabia ban has triggered a surge in piracy that has
   cost the Doha-based pay channel billions while leading to 18 per cent
   job losses

   Football

Premier League TV finances face ruin due to piracy

   Football | bill edgar

Game in numbers: Tottenham on a sticky wicket

   Four days after becoming the first English team to concede seven goals
   in a leading European competition, Tottenham...Four days after becoming
   the first English team to concede seven goals in a leading
   European...Four days after becoming the first English team to concede
   seven goals in a leading European...
   Read the full story

   Football | George Lewis

Funny old game: Liverpool pull off the ultimate wind-up

   As a Manchester United fan, Liverpool have always been the
   supervillains. Others have been there or thereabouts...As a Manchester
   United fan, Liverpool have always been the supervillains. Others have
   been there...As a Manchester United fan, Liverpool have always been the
   supervillains. Others have been there...
   Read the full story
   Jones will have an easier route to the final if England finish second
   in their pool

   rugby world cup

Jones: Changes likely for France game

   Nowell scored England’s fifth try in his first match for his country
   since March

   rugby world cup | Alex Lowe

Returning Nowell and Vunipola will prove key

   Itoje, right, is the England pack’s totem

   rugby world cup

Itoje 9, Farrell 4: how England rated against Argentina

   Raka was outstanding against Tonga, particularly in the first half

   rugby world cup | Steve James

Brilliant players, but France look totally clueless

   racing

Longchamp falls silent as Enable meets her match

   Frankie Dettori took up prime position, waited for his moment, and
   kicked for home to put daylight between his mare and the chasing pack.
   A roar began to swell from the Longchamp crowd, as this historic scene
   unfolded — and then, all of a sudden...Frankie Dettori took up prime
   position, waited for his moment, and kicked for home to put...Frankie
   Dettori took up prime position, waited for his moment, and kicked for
   home to put...
   Read the full story
   Enable, far, was passed on the home straight by Waldgeist
   New Zealand started slowly but Perenara put the seal on victory with a
   superb try

   rugby world cup

All Blacks ‘had wrong attitude’

   Federer congratulated Murray on his return to action in singles
   competition

   tennis

Federer glad to see Murray is ‘playing better and better’

   Semenya was not allowed to compete at the World Championships in Doha

   athletics

Semenya’s specialist objected to ‘surgery recommendation’

   Amy Murphy can saddle Wolf Prince (4.55) to win at Catterick

   Racing

Tipster of the Year: Rob Wright’s racing tips

   (BUTTON) Show more

Register

   obituary

Ginger Baker

   Virtuoso drummer in Cream who would seethe at the mention of Led
   Zeppelin, and who drove through the Sahara to kick his drug habit

   By his own admission Ginger Baker was “an obnoxious git”. He was
   truculent, rude, abrasive, arrogant, prone to outbursts of physical
   violence and the lash of his tongue could be even more vicious than his
   fists. Eric Clapton, who played with Baker in his salad days in Cream
   and Blind Faith, admitted that he was “scared” of him and there was no
   mellowing in the autumn of...By his own admission Ginger Baker was “an
   obnoxious git”. He was truculent, rude, abrasive...By his own admission
   Ginger Baker was “an obnoxious git”. He was truculent, rude,
   abrasive...
   Read the full story
   Ginger Baker on stage with Cream in the 1960s. His kit had two bass
   drums that he played simultaneously with each foot
   Sally Soames insisted on taking her “photographs of people” in black
   and white

   obituary

Sally Soames

   Sally Soames believed that her first professionally published
   photograph was her best. The image of a youth...Sally Soames believed
   that her first professionally published photograph was her best. The
   image of a youth celebrating in Trafalgar Square on New Year’s Eve 1960
   won her first prize in a newspaper competition and led to a celebrated
   career in which she spent 32 years as a star photographer on The Sunday
   Times...Sally Soames believed that her first professionally published
   photograph was her best. The image of a youth celebrating in...
   Read the full story
   Terrance Dicks in 2015 with Wendy Padbury, who played the Doctor’s
   companion Zoe Heriot in the 1960s, and a Cyberman

   obituary

Terrance Dicks

   Tropical Storm Karen struck Puerto Rico

   weather eye

Gigantic jets light up skies above Tropical Storm Karen

   court circular

October 5 & 6

   october 7, 1919

The art of camouflage

Puzzles

Crossword Club

   Play now

Times Concise No 8089

   Play now

Times Quick Cryptic No 1455

   Play now

Times Cryptic No 27475

   Play now

Concise Quintagram No 500

   Play now

Cryptic Quintagram No 500

   Play now

Sudoku No 11034 Difficult

   Play now

Sudoku No 11035 Fiendish

   Play now

Sudoku No 11033 Easy

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6807 Gentle

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6808 Tricky

   Play now

Brain Trainer No 3004

   Play now

Cell Blocks No 3656

   Play now

Codeword No 3773

   Play now

Futoshiki No 3536

   Play now

Kakuro No 2495

   Play now

KenKen No 4765

   Play now

Lexica No 4992

   Play now

Lexica No 4991

   Play now

Polygon

   Play now

Set Square No 2498

   Play now

Suko No 2674

   Play now

Bridge

   Play now

Chess

   Play now
   (BUTTON) Show more

Special

The Times Crossword Championship 2019

   Come to our revamped annual crossword extravaganza. More prizes, more
   places, more puzzles
   INFORMATION & TICKETS

Times2

   American author Bill Bryson

Bill Bryson: ‘I don’t want to know everything that can go wrong with my
heart’

   Researching the body, Bill Bryson discovered a lot of ways that people
   die, but learnt more about his own fate from a recent MRI scan

   DR MARK PORTER

What to do if the pharmacist can’t fill your prescription

   new

My life under the sinister shadow of coercive control

   As the new Domestic Abuse Bill is debated in parliament, one woman
   describes her terrifying ordeal

   ask professor tanya byron

We are worried about our daughter. She is divorced, in debt and won’t get a
job

   Christa D'Souza

Do you have ‘diet face’? It’s everywhere

   Jenni Murray is spot on — staying slim can take its toll on your
   features, says Christa D’Souza
   Lupita Nyong’o takes on Australian zombies in Little Monsters

   ARTS

A cavalcade of zombies, schoolgirls and Hitler

   Kevin Maher

Relationship advice? It’s a subject that some teachers find particularly
sticky

   Voice-notes are convenient

Why my generation love voice notes

   Q15: Who is this Scottish actor?

   MindGames

The Times Daily Quiz

   first night | opera

The Cunning Little Vixen — amorous animal instincts

   new

   ★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise old birds gossip high up in the branches. We
   hear busy nature everywhere in the miraculous score too: the flicker of
   wings, chatter of crickets and rustle...★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise...★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise...
   Read the full story
   Aoife Miskelly sings the title role with gleeful vitality in Welsh
   National Opera’s touring revival
   Ben Castle-Gibb as a young Victor Frankenstein

   first night | theatre

Frankenstein — mangled retelling of an old horror story

   new
   Harriet Thorpe as Vera and Tracie Bennett as Mame

   first night | theatre

Mame — oozes style and sass

   new
   Lwando Dutyulwa as Albrecht and Dada Masilo in the title role of a
   fascinating production of Giselle at Sadler’s Wells in London

   FIRST NIGHT | DANCE

Dada Masilo’s Giselle — vicious and disturbing rewrite of tragedy

   ★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and how. Created by the...★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and...★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and...
   Read the full story
   Mary Bevan is outstanding as Eurydice

   first night | opera

Orpheus in the Underworld — this Orpheus underwhelms

   ★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that the gods were...★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that...★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that...
   Read the full story
   The cast of Noises Off

   first night | theatre

Noises Off — a furious whirlwind of limbs and misunderstandings

   King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard

   first night | pop

King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard — no focus group would dream up this
band’s route to success

   The Australian Chamber Orchestra led by Richard Tognetti, front

   first night | concert

Australian Chamber Orchestra/Tognetti — fabulous musicianship but a stylistic
mishmash

   Anna Patalong and Benedict Nelson in Miss Julie

   first night | opera

Miss Julie — an intense, brilliantly orchestrated, but neglected masterpiece

   television

The Americas with Simon Reeve review — a travelogue to test even the zestiest
presenter

   Ian Hislop puzzles over why people believe fake news stories even when
   they have been debunked

   VIEWING GUIDE

What’s on TV tonight

   Baths are now fodder for Instagram

   THE LOWDOWN

Bathfluencers

   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F0d025bd0-e5f8-11e9-aa03-a7b5cef19
   400.jpg?crop=1271%2C715%2C0%2C0&resize=320]

   video

   THE TIMES FILM SHOW

Joker and Judy video review

What’s on TV

   Click here for our interactive listings
   TIMES2
   (BUTTON) Show more

Scotland

New laws needed to protect Scottish wildlife, says Attenborough

   Sir David Attenborough has called on ministers to create “powerful new
   environmental laws” to save Scotland’s wildlife, after a report found
   that more than one in ten species could disappear. The naturalist and
   broadcaster, 93, has joined forces with the Scottish Wildlife Trust
   (SWT) to...Sir David Attenborough has called on ministers to create
   “powerful new environmental laws” to save Scotland’s wildlife, after a
   report found that more than one in ten species could disappear. The
   naturalist and broadcaster, 93, has joined forces with the Scottish
   Wildlife Trust (SWT) to...Sir David Attenborough has called on
   ministers to create “powerful new environmental laws” to save
   Scotland’s wildlife, after a...
   Read the full story

Pill machines ‘fuelling street valium epidemic’

   Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in Scotland to
   churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”, experts have
   warned. Addiction specialists have called for the equipment to be
   regulated amid evidence that counterfeit benzodiazepine is being
   produced on an industrial scale and contributing to a rising number of
   deaths...Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in
   Scotland to churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”, experts
   have warned. Addiction specialists have called for the equipment to be
   regulated amid evidence that counterfeit benzodiazepine is being
   produced on an industrial scale and contributing to a rising number of
   deaths...Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in
   Scotland to churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”...
   Read the full story
   Shelagh Coutts, a doctor, said that Scotland did not offer the
   treatments for stroke available to her patients in Canada

Stroke patients ‘missing out on vital treatment’

   A neurologist whose mother suffered a stroke in Scotland has described
   “how far the country is behind” looking after people with the
   condition. Shelagh Coutts, a professor of neurology in Canada, said
   that it took more than 90 minutes for an ambulance to reach her mother
   even though her father had told the 999...A neurologist whose mother
   suffered a stroke in Scotland has described “how far the country is...A
   neurologist whose mother suffered a stroke in Scotland has described
   “how far the country is...
   Read the full story

Losses at Trump’s resort top £1m for seventh year

   The president has promoted the resort as “perhaps the greatest” in the
   world
   The potential for demonstrations at the summit in Glasgow would be
   challenging, police have said

Delegates at UN climate summit could be put up on cruise ships

   In the Highlands the number of pupils learning Gaelic fell sharply
   between 2012 and last year

Be bold and Gaelic will prosper, insists the new bard of Glasgow

   Polmont young offenders’ institution is providing phones in cells as
   part of a trial

Give prisoners telephones ‘to help reduce self-harm’

   Facial recognition could be used for racial profiling, human rights
   groups have warned

Police warned over face recognition bias

   Ruth Davidson said that she felt “hopelessly conflicted by Brexit”

I may quit Holyrood, Davidson announces

   Jill Belch said she understood why many women chose part-time jobs in
   medicine

Women in medicine ‘held back by part-time careers’

   The brown marmorated stink bug would cause havoc for crops, a pest
   management expert said

Asian bug threatens to cause a stink

   Sigrid Nielsen and Bob Orr founded the Lavender Menace bookshop in
   Edinburgh in 1982

Pioneering bookshop gets a story of its own

   first night | comedy

Still Game Live: The Final Farewell at the SSE Hydro, Glasgow

   ★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill left fans in no doubt that this was the
   end for Jack Jarvis, Victor McDade and the Craiglang posse. Not since
   the final episode of ...★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan...★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan...
   Read the full story
   Despite some show-stopping songs the show relied on tired catchphrases

   comment

Sturgeon’s final chapter may contain a twist

   comment

Sympathy for muses as idols fall from grace

   comment

Holyrood must deliver long-term mental health plan

   Business comment

Good employers do the right thing every day, not just once a year

   business

Small towns prove big draw overseas

   Scotland’s small towns and villages attract more foreign direct
   investment than those in the rest of the UK, according to research
   published today. The analysis by EY found there was a more even spread
   of projects in Scotland.Scotland’s small towns and villages attract
   more foreign direct investment than those in the rest of the UK,
   according to research published today. The analysis by EY found there
   was a more even spread of projects in Scotland.Scotland’s small towns
   and villages attract more foreign direct investment than those in the
   rest of the UK...
   Read the full story

Revealed: the hunt for gun used in 19 shootings

   The story of how a gun linked to 19 shootings across Britain was
   finally taken off the streets has been revealed after eight members of
   a crime gang were jailed last week. Police had hunted the Beretta 9000S
   for seven years. It...The story of how a gun linked to 19 shootings
   across Britain was finally taken off the streets has been revealed
   after eight members of a crime gang were jailed last week. Police had
   hunted the Beretta 9000S for seven years. It...The story of how a gun
   linked to 19 shootings across Britain was finally taken off the streets
   has been revealed...
   Read the full story
   Opportunities to work part-time led to more diversity and better
   productivity

Flexible working good for businesses, bosses declare

   Ferguson Marine yard ran into financial trouble while building
   Caledonian MacBrayne ferries

SNP ignored advice on shipbuilder

   Football

Livingston’s finest day is a Celtic horror show

   It is often said that Livingston do not bring much to Scotland’s top
   flight. Their artificial surface is ugly and unloved. On days like this
   they surrender three sides of their ground — dubbed the Spaghettihad —
   to a noisy occupation by an army of visiting supporters. Their finances
   are limited and their play is criticised for being excessively robust,
   direct and...It is often said that Livingston do not bring much to
   Scotland’s top flight. Their artificial...It is often said that
   Livingston do not bring much to Scotland’s top flight. Their
   artificial...
   Read the full story
   Robinson opened the scoring on a historic day for Livingston
   Defoe scored a hat-trick the day before his 37th birthday

   Football

Defoe’s hat-trick puts the seal on a perfect afternoon for Rangers

   Jermain Defoe was in a car crash after Rangers’ previous match. While
   he escaped without injury, the striker was said...Jermain Defoe was in
   a car crash after Rangers’ previous match. While he escaped without
   injury, the striker was said to be shaken, a bit like the Hamilton
   Academical side who suffered the footballing equivalent of whiplash at
   Ibrox yesterday. Preferred to the rested Alfredo Morelos, the former
   England international...Jermain Defoe was in a car crash after Rangers’
   previous match. While he escaped without injury, the striker was said
   to be...
   Read the full story
   Moore has shot to the top of the game after a career in the background

   Rugby World Cup

Japanese-Australian lock who stands between Scotland and the last eight

   Scotland must ensure they beat Russia before worrying about overcoming
   Japan

   Rugby World Cup

‘Scotland must focus on Russia first’

   Fagerson is confident about dealing with the four-day turnaround

   Rugby World Cup

Now we all know what we have to do, says Fagerson

   The finish to Japan’s win over Samoa on Saturday may have been bizarre
   and controversial but, as far as the Scotland...The finish to Japan’s
   win over Samoa on Saturday may have been bizarre and controversial but,
   as...The finish to Japan’s win over Samoa on Saturday may have been
   bizarre and controversial but, as...
   Read the full story

   Monday Briefing | Paul Forsyth

Clarke’s priority is building a defence

   If Steve Clarke is like any other manager, he will be racking his
   brains ahead of this week’s international...If Steve Clarke is like any
   other manager, he will be racking his brains ahead of this week’s...If
   Steve Clarke is like any other manager, he will be racking his brains
   ahead of this week’s...
   Read the full story
   (BUTTON) Show more

Ireland

150 academics declare support for eco-activists’ week of rebellion

   More than 150 Irish academics have signed a letter supporting
   Extinction Rebellion as the environmental activist group starts its
   week-long campaign of disruption in Dublin. Ciarán O’Carroll, a member
   of the Irish branch of the group, said that it was planning to hold a
   rally outside the Dáil today, the first of several events due to be
   held in the city centre. Dr...More than 150 Irish academics have signed
   a letter supporting Extinction Rebellion as the...More than 150 Irish
   academics have signed a letter supporting Extinction Rebellion as
   the...
   Read the full story
   Members of Extinction Rebellion protesting outside a government
   building in Dublin in July
   Paschal Donohoe says a no-deal Brexit could result in 50,000 job losses

Call for €1.5bn Brexit fund to help firms

   The country’s largest business lobby group has called for €1.5 billion
   in state aid to be made available to help...The country’s largest
   business lobby group has called for €1.5 billion in state aid to be
   made available to help Irish firms deal with the potential fallout of a
   no-deal Brexit. Ibec said in a report published today that the
   government should set out a “framework of state aid support worth €1.5
   billion over the next...The country’s largest business lobby group has
   called for €1.5 billion in state aid to be made available to help Irish
   firms...
   Read the full story
   A charity has called for thousands more cost-rental homes to be built

Rent aid covers cost of only 4% of homes

   Leo Varadkar “has a whiff of the Boris Johnson about him”, according to
   his rivals

Sinn Féin bites back after wolves jibe

   High levels of chlorine were found in the water supply in Swanlinbar

Water plant failures ‘posed health risk’

   About 20 per cent of people get less than six hours’ sleep a night

Snoring partner is our worst nightmare

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019
   Log inSubscribe

   Read the full article
   Free for 30 days
   Start your free trial

Bailout fund to prop up businesses after Brexit

   No-deal plans accelerated amid recession fears
   Steven Swinford, Deputy Political Editor

   August 10 2019, 10:00am, The Times
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapse
   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapseLiam McBurney/Press Association

   Boris Johnson is drawing up plans for a bailout fund to prop up
   businesses in the event of a no-deal Brexit amid fears that the economy
   is on the cusp of a recession.

   Michael Gove, who is leading the no-deal preparations, confirmed for
   the first time that ministers were working on a package to help
   companies at risk of collapse.

   The Times understands that the government has drawn up a secret list of
   big British employers that are considered most at risk, with the worst
   affected expected to be in the construction and manufacturing sectors.

   The prime minister’s Brexit war cabinet is expected to discuss the
   bailout plans, known as “Operation Kingfisher”, next week amid growing
   concern that a no-deal Brexit could tip businesses…
   Want to read more?
   Subscribe now and get unlimited digital access on web and our
   smartphone and tablet apps, free for your first month.
   ____________________ ____________________Start your free trial
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   You are currently logged out

Get one month’s free unlimited access

   Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter most.
   Start your trial

Keep up to date using Android and iOS apps for Smartphone and Tablet

   Get The International Pack for free for your first 30 days for
   unlimited Smartphone and Tablet access.
   Start your free trial

   Already a member? Log in

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscribe to get one month’s free unlimited access
   ____________________ Start your free trial
   Log in (BUTTON) Register

   Already a subscriber or registered access user? Login

   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019
   Log inSubscribe

   Read the full article
   Free for 30 days
   Start your free trial

Bailout fund to prop up businesses after Brexit

   No-deal plans accelerated amid recession fears
   Steven Swinford, Deputy Political Editor

   August 10 2019, 10:00am, The Times
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapse
   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapseLiam McBurney/Press Association

   Boris Johnson is drawing up plans for a bailout fund to prop up
   businesses in the event of a no-deal Brexit amid fears that the economy
   is on the cusp of a recession.

   Michael Gove, who is leading the no-deal preparations, confirmed for
   the first time that ministers were working on a package to help
   companies at risk of collapse.

   The Times understands that the government has drawn up a secret list of
   big British employers that are considered most at risk, with the worst
   affected expected to be in the construction and manufacturing sectors.

   The prime minister’s Brexit war cabinet is expected to discuss the
   bailout plans, known as “Operation Kingfisher”, next week amid growing
   concern that a no-deal Brexit could tip businesses…
   Want to read more?
   Subscribe now and get unlimited digital access on web and our
   smartphone and tablet apps, free for your first month.
   ____________________ ____________________Start your free trial
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   You are currently logged out

Get one month’s free unlimited access

   Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter most.
   Start your trial

Keep up to date using Android and iOS apps for Smartphone and Tablet

   Get The International Pack for free for your first 30 days for
   unlimited Smartphone and Tablet access.
   Start your free trial

   Already a member? Log in

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscribe to get one month’s free unlimited access
   ____________________ Start your free trial
   Log in (BUTTON) Register

   Already a subscriber or registered access user? Login

   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019

   Log inSubscribe

The Times & The Sunday Times Homepage

   times Masthead Monday October 7 2019 5PM UPDATE

The ups and downs of Downing Street

   Get a broader perspective of the political landscape with 30 days’
   complimentary digital access.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

Know the score

   Follow every game and every goal with unlimited digital access for 30
   days.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

From fashion to food

   Get inspiration and discover the latest trends with 30 days’ unlimited
   digital access.
   Start your free trial
   (BUTTON) The ups and downs of Downing Street (BUTTON) Know the score
   (BUTTON) From fashion to food

News

In the News

Rachel Sylvester

   Johnson needs more than Brexit to win over Labour voters

World at five

   Orphans of Isis sex slaves have no place in a harsh world

Dr Mark Porter

   What to do if the pharmacist can’t fill your prescription

Mike Atherton

   Is Chris Silverwood the right man to coach England?

   video

PM will call Trump over wife of ‘spy’ who fled UK after crash

   updated

   Boris Johnson will personally ask Donald Trump to waive immunity for a
   diplomat’s wife who fled Britain after a fatal crash if the US
   continues to refuse, Downing Street has said. The crash victim, Harry
   Dunn, 19, suffered multiple injuries when his motorcycle and a car
   collided on August 27...Boris Johnson will personally ask Donald Trump
   to waive immunity for a diplomat’s wife who fled Britain after a fatal
   crash if the US continues to refuse, Downing Street has said. The crash
   victim, Harry Dunn, 19, suffered multiple injuries when his motorcycle
   and a car collided on August 27...Boris Johnson will personally ask
   Donald Trump to waive immunity for a diplomat’s wife who fled Britain
   after a fatal crash if...
   Read the full story

   ANALYSIS

History shows that the US rarely waives immunity

   new

   The last time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic
   immunity at Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at the embassy
   in London was arrested for spying for Germany. Tyler Kent was sentenced
   to seven years in prison for breaches of the Official Secrets Act after
   he copied communications from Winston Churchill to President...The last
   time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic immunity at
   Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at the embassy in London was
   arrested for spying for Germany. Tyler Kent was sentenced to seven
   years in prison for breaches of the Official Secrets Act after he
   copied communications from Winston Churchill to President...The last
   time the United States is known to have waived diplomatic immunity at
   Britain’s request was in 1940 when a clerk at...
   Read the full story
   The humpback whale is thought to have entered the Thames estuary on the
   spring tide

Fears for safety of 30ft humpback whale spotted in the Thames

   new

   Fears were growing today for the welfare of a humpback whale that has
   been spotted in the Thames. The whale, believed to be more than 30ft
   long, was last seen near Greenhithe, near the Dartford Crossing to the
   east of London. Experts warned that the whale was “moving in the
   direction we don’t want it to”. It is...Fears were growing today for
   the welfare of a humpback whale that has been spotted in the
   Thames.Fears were growing today for the welfare of a humpback whale
   that has been spotted in the Thames.
   Read the full story

   video

Police fail to prevent Extinction Rebellion causing chaos

   updated
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F870b1c16-e90c-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=2985%2C3731%2C83%2C160&resize=320]
   Members of Extinction Rebellion occupied the Mall as its two-week
   campaign of blockades began

Call centre worker joins lawyer, vicar and ex‑deputy head to fight for the
planet

   new
   There were inconsistencies in the evidence of Carl Beech at the time
   when police seeking search warrants told a judge that he was a credible
   witness

‘Unlawful’ failings in abuse inquiry a learning opportunity, police watchdog
finds

   new
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F9b227be2-e8d3-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=1829%2C1029%2C46%2C304&resize=320]

   video

Arcuri dodges questions on Johnson affair in TV interview

   Hugo Rifkind | Comment

What pole dancer’s lessons tell us about the PM

   new

YouTube axes ‘aggressive’ pickup‑artist channels

   new

   The aggressive methods of male “pickup artists” have been exposed by an
   undercover investigation leading to YouTube closing down two popular
   channels. The Google-owned video website terminated the Addy A-Game and
   Street...The aggressive methods of male “pickup artists” have been
   exposed by an undercover investigation leading to YouTube closing down
   two popular channels. The Google-owned video website terminated the
   Addy A-Game and Street...The aggressive methods of male “pickup
   artists” have been exposed by an undercover investigation leading to
   YouTube...
   Read the full story

Johnson in last‑ditch bid to save Brexit plan

   Boris Johnson was in talks last night to save his Brexit plan after
   being warned by European leaders that the deal would not be approved at
   next week’s crunch summit unless he backed down. The prime minister
   used a round of... Boris Johnson was in talks last night to save his
   Brexit plan after being warned by European leaders that the deal would
   not be approved at next week’s crunch summit unless he backed down. The
   prime minister used a round of... Boris Johnson was in talks last night
   to save his Brexit plan after being warned by European leaders that the
   deal...
   Read the full story

   Bruno Waterfield | analysis

EU’s demands are poison for prime minister

   Analysis

Deal or no-deal: what happens next

   new
   Chris Skidmore, the universities minister, is to tell bosses to avoid a
   repeat next year

   Student digs

Universities under fire as accommodation crisis hits students

   student digs | Behind the story

Boom in admissions has driven housing shortage

   More than 1,500 undergraduates have been unable to move into their
   booked accommodation

   student digs

Students are forced to live in budget hotels

   Gregg Semenza, Peter Ratcliffe and William Kaelin were announced as the
   joint winners of the prize at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm

Oxford scientist wins Nobel prize for medicine

   Michael Gove’s Brexit operations committee has drawn up a list of
   issues that could hit Ireland after a no-deal Brexit

Brexit group draws up no-deal danger list to lean on Ireland

Crucial dates as deadline day looms

   Comment | John Curtice

Delivery rather than detail gives Johnson the edge over May

   RED BOX | MATT CHORLEY

Another fine mess

   The legal advice given by Geoffrey Cox, the attorney-general, has been
   kept secret

Rebel alliance wants legal advice revealed

   red box | tom pashby

Welcome to our green revolution, Corbyn and Johnson, but what took you?

   British politics is being influenced by the fight against climate
   change as never before, from the high-profile protests of Extinction
   Rebellion, which start again today, to the Labour Party’s shift towards
   a more radical...British politics is being influenced by the fight
   against climate change as never before, from the high-profile protests
   of Extinction Rebellion, which start again today, to the Labour Party’s
   shift towards a more radical...British politics is being influenced by
   the fight against climate change as never before, from the
   high-profile...
   Read the full story

   red box | Alex Chalk and Victoria Prentis

We voted Remain but believe in democracy: now let’s leave

   Three and a half years ago we both voted Remain in the referendum. But
   for us it is no longer about whether we were Remainers or not, but
   whether we are democrats. In the biggest vote in our nation’s history,
   the people voted...Three and a half years ago we both voted Remain in
   the referendum. But for us it is no longer about whether we were
   Remainers or not, but whether we are democrats. In the biggest vote in
   our nation’s history, the people voted...Three and a half years ago we
   both voted Remain in the referendum. But for us it is no longer about
   whether we were...
   Read the full story

   red box | joe twyman

Get Brexit done? It’s more complicated than that

   red box | andrew o'brien

Business must face its responsibilities and stop resisting efforts to tackle
low pay

The Lady opens school for servants

   For more than 130 years The Lady has been the first port of call for
   society families seeking domestic staff. Now the women’s magazine is
   diversifying for the 21st century by launching a residential training
   school for bodyguards, butlers and...For more than 130 years The Lady
   has been the first port of call for society families seeking...For more
   than 130 years The Lady has been the first port of call for society
   families seeking...
   Read the full story
   The publisher of The Lady is turning Bylaugh Hall into a school where
   trainees will learn how to protect wealthy employers

Antidepressant use by over-65s doubles in 20 years

   The proportion of older people taking antidepressants more than doubled
   between 1990 and 2010, despite there having been no corresponding rise
   in the prevalence of depression, a study has found. In the early 1990s
   fewer than...The proportion of older people taking antidepressants more
   than doubled between 1990 and 2010, despite there having been no
   corresponding rise in the prevalence of depression, a study has found.
   In the early 1990s fewer than...The proportion of older people taking
   antidepressants more than doubled between 1990 and 2010, despite there
   having...
   Read the full story

Officials ‘knew of hepatitis infections from tainted blood’

   Officials at the Department of Health knew that people were falling ill
   with hepatitis from contaminated blood products in the early 1970s but
   allowed the infected treatments to remain in use, documents have
   suggested. In the...Officials at the Department of Health knew that
   people were falling ill with hepatitis from contaminated blood products
   in the early 1970s but allowed the infected treatments to remain in
   use, documents have suggested. In the...Officials at the Department of
   Health knew that people were falling ill with hepatitis from
   contaminated blood...
   Read the full story
   The royal couples appear in a video promoting Every Mind Matters

Royal couples lead NHS mental health advert

   Sara Khan, head of the commission, said: “The government must urgently
   overhaul its approach to challenging extremism, starting with a new
   definition of hateful extremism, a new government strategy and a home
   secretary-led task force” .

Government drive to tackle extremism is ‘inadequate’

   Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been held since 2016

Zaghari-Ratcliffe asks why she is in jail after Australians were freed

   Joshua Molnar said he stabbed Yousef Makki in self-defence

Family refuse to forgive teenager cleared of killing boy in knife fight

   Natasha Ednan-Laperouse died from an allergic reaction to sesame in a
   baguette from Pret a Manger

Fear of allergy deaths pushes food recalls to five-year high

   Nearly 90 per cent of kinship carers were not given any advice when the
   children moved in, a charity found

Grandparents demand help caring for children

   clean air for all

Get tough on idling engines, drivers tell councils

   About 70 per cent of motorists want councils to take action against
   drivers who leave the engine running while their car is parked, a
   survey suggests. Of them 44 per cent said that officials should tell
   people to switch off their engine and...About 70 per cent of motorists
   want councils to take action against drivers who leave the
   engine...About 70 per cent of motorists want councils to take action
   against drivers who leave the engine...
   Read the full story
   Nicholas Lyes, the RAC’s head of roads policy, said that councils could
   deal with idling engines but few were using the powers
   Princess Margaret used smoking as a way to express her feelings, says
   Helena Bonham Carter, who portrays her in the third series of The Crown

   cheltenham literature festival

Margaret helped me from beyond the grave, says Bonham Carter

   The final scene of The Italian Job features a coach teetering on an
   Alpine ledge with Charlie Croker, his gang and his looted gold inside
   it

   cheltenham literature festival

They were only supposed to make a bloody sequel

   Sebastian Faulks says that he believes he has “paid his dues” when it
   comes to his subject matter

   cheltenham literature festival

Time to look on bright side, says Faulks

   After a career spent chronicling the miseries of the 20th century,
   Sebastian Faulks has said it is time to write...After a career spent
   chronicling the miseries of the 20th century, Sebastian Faulks has said
   it...After a career spent chronicling the miseries of the 20th century,
   Sebastian Faulks has said it...
   Read the full story
   John Humphrys retired from BBC Radio 4 last month. He believes that
   liberal bias affects the corporation’s coverage

   Cheltenham literature festival | VIDEO

Humphrys accuses BBC of bias in transgender debate

   The BBC’s liberal bias has resulted in a sympathetic rather than a
   neutral, detached approach to the issues raised in...The BBC’s liberal
   bias has resulted in a sympathetic rather than a neutral, detached
   approach to...The BBC’s liberal bias has resulted in a sympathetic
   rather than a neutral, detached approach to...
   Read the full story

Kevin Maher

   Teachers find relationship advice a sticky subject
   Times2
   Kevin Maher

‘Diet face’ fears

   Can staying slim take its toll on your features?
   LIFE
   ‘Diet face’ fears

Domestic abuse

   My life under the sinister shadow of coercive control
   LIFE
   Domestic abuse

Ask Tanya Byron

   ‘Our daughter is divorced, in debt and won’t get a job’
   LIFE
   Ask Tanya Byron

Screen demons

   Zombies, schoolgirls and Hitler at London Film Festival
   ARTS
   Screen demons
   Temporary lighting is set up during a power cut affecting Clapham
   Junction train station in London on August 9

Water supply was affected when blackouts hit a million homes

   Sally Soames photographed by a colleague. She captured Helen Mirren in
   rehearsal at the Royal Court, 1981, among many other stars

Portrait artist who gave personality to the news

   Tops Day Nurseries has introduced “biting boxes”

Chew toys to stop frustrated children biting at nursery

   Unilever makes more than 400 consumer products

Unilever promises to halve its use of new plastic in six years

Cybercrooks conned man with AI fake of boss’s voice

   Cyberscammers persuaded a British businessman to transfer £200,000 to
   an unknown Hungarian bank account by using artificial intelligence to
   mimic his boss’s voice. Criminals used “deep-fake” technology to give
   orders to the...Cyberscammers persuaded a British businessman to
   transfer £200,000 to an unknown Hungarian bank account by using
   artificial intelligence to mimic his boss’s voice. Criminals used
   “deep-fake” technology to give orders to the...Cyberscammers persuaded
   a British businessman to transfer £200,000 to an unknown Hungarian bank
   account by using...
   Read the full story

Courts blamed for delayed evictions

   Landlords have complained that repossessions are taking more than twice
   as long to get through the courts amid allegations that officials are
   breaching their own timetabling rules. Government figures show that the
   rules...Landlords have complained that repossessions are taking more
   than twice as long to get through the courts amid allegations that
   officials are breaching their own timetabling rules. Government figures
   show that the rules...Landlords have complained that repossessions are
   taking more than twice as long to get through the courts amid...
   Read the full story
   The iPlayer is the most popular British rival to international
   subscription on-demand services such as Netflix

BBC iPlayer with human touch to take on the streaming giants

   The toughness of silk improves with low temperatures

Scientists untangle secrets of the spider’s web

   A friend of the Duchess of Sussex described the letter as an olive
   branch to her father

Meghan’s friends leaked letter first, insists her father

   Andrew’s visit to Australia may have been kept deliberately low-key

One fan turns up for Prince Andrew’s visit to Australian university

   In Scotland 27.5 per cent of employees are unhappy in their work,
   according to a survey by Engaging Works

Scots most likely to be gloomy at work

   The wild ponies of Dartmoor are being encouraged to associate roads
   with treats and the number being killed is rising

Tourist treats put ponies in danger

News in pictures

   For more pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more
   pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more pictures from
   The Times, follow us on Instagram
   Read the full story
   Re-enactors gathered to see Just Jane, a MkVII Avro Lancaster, on
   Saturday at the Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre at former RAF
   East Kirkby
   (BUTTON) Show more

Comment

Johnson needs more than Brexit to win over Labour voters

   Rachel Sylvester

   A swathe of low earners in the north and Midlands could be persuaded to
   turn out for the Tories but only if their real concerns are addressed
   new

   CLARE FOGES

Climate activists need Middle England allies

   james marriott

Rise of gender-based internet clubs is toxic

   carol midgley

I’ll miss staff at Thomas Cook, if not their bosses

   anthony seldon

Schools are failing to prepare students for university life

Readers’ poll

   Should all public and workplace lavatories be gender-neutral?
   HAVE YOUR SAY

   ed lucas

Meat is off the menu as hi-tech rivals thrive

   My German friend opened a small bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of
   newly cooked sausages filled my nostrils. “We can make the smell,” he
   said. “But we can’t do the taste. Yet.” That was 1984, in the offices
   of Melchers & Co, a Bremen-based...My German friend opened a small
   bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of newly cooked sausages filled...My
   German friend opened a small bottle. “Sniff that.” The scent of newly
   cooked sausages filled...
   Read the full story
   times leaders logo

   Leading Articles

Border Dispute

   The prime minister’s Brexit plan won’t work without Northern Irish
   consent. There is a risk that moves towards a united Ireland will be
   accelerated

A Change in the Climate

   Viable policies to combat climate change require more than loud
   protests

Happiness Writes White

   One of the virtues of great art is the consolation it can offer for
   misery

   letters to the editor

Wallace Collection and making art accessible

   Sir, I doubt that the trustees of the Wallace Collection are, as Sir
   John Lewis implies, in breach of trust by agreeing to lend from it
   (“National treasures split for first time” and letter, Oct 5) but, even
   if they are, I admire their desire...Sir, I doubt that the trustees of
   the Wallace Collection are, as Sir John Lewis implies, in...Sir, I
   doubt that the trustees of the Wallace Collection are, as Sir John
   Lewis implies, in...
   Read the full story
   Daily Universal Slice Masthead

Daily Universal Register

Briefing

   UK: Bill Gates delivers the Professor Hawking Fellowship lecture in
   Cambridge.

On this day

   In 1949 the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) was founded.
   Nature notes

Nature notes

   The first redwings have been arriving. These early individuals often
   travel alone, or in flocks of four or five. They come into hawthorn
   hedges and bushes for the abundant crimson berries, and sometimes can
   be seen peering out from among them, showing the white stripes above
   and beneath their eye, like a pair of spectacles. They are like
   slightly smaller song thrushes, but have a large red splash on their
   flank, which in practice is often hidden by their closed wing, but is
   conspicuous when they fly up. They come here for the winter from
   Iceland and Scandinavia, and soon they will arrive in much larger
   flocks. As they pass overhead at night, their distinctive, thin “seeip”
   calls come down from their dark shapes. As winter comes on and the
   berries run out, they turn to feeding on worms in the fields, and
   eventually about 700,000 redwings will move about the countryside.

   Derwent May
   (BUTTON) Show more
   Birthdays

Birthdays today

   Dame Jenny Abramsky, chairwoman, Royal Academy of Music and Royal
   Ballet, 73; Deborah Annetts, chief executive, Incorporated Society of
   Musicians, 59; Felicity Aston, polar explorer, 42; Alison Balsom,
   classical trumpet soloist, 41; Toni Braxton, singer, Breathe Again
   (1993), 52; Yvonne Brewster, theatre director, 81; Simon Cowell, music
   and TV impresario, 60; Alesha Dixon, singer, Drummer Boy (2010), 41;
   Charles Dutoit, artistic director and principal conductor, Royal
   Philharmonic Orchestra (2009-18), 83; Mark Girouard, architectural
   historian, 88; Lord (Simon) Glenarthur, former Conservative government
   minister, 75; Kevin Godley, musician and music video director, 10cc and
   Godley & Creme, 74; Sir Tony Hawkhead, chief executive, Action for
   Children (2014-18), 62; Robin Jackson, chief executive and secretary
   (interim), British Academy (also 2006-15), 70; Clive James,
   broadcaster, chat-show host, author and poet, Sentenced to Life (2015),
   80; Ann Jones, tennis player, Wimbledon women’s singles champion
   (1969), 81; Thomas Keneally, author, Schindler’s Ark (1982, Booker
   Prize), 84; Yo-Yo Ma, cellist, 64; John Mellencamp, singer-songwriter,
   Hurts So Good (1982), 68; Tim Minchin, musician and comedian, 44; Prof
   John Mitchell, principal research fellow, Meteorological Office, 71;
   Oliver North, senior member of the US national security council during
   the Iran-Contra scandal of the late 1980s, 76; Vladimir Putin,
   president of Russia, 67; Major-General Julian Thompson, commanded 3
   Commando Brigade during the Falklands conflict, 85; Jayne Torvill, ice
   dancer, Olympic gold medallist (1984), 62; Most Rev Desmond Tutu,
   Archbishop of Cape Town (1986-96), 88; Prof Sir David Wallace,
   physicist, master of Churchill College, University of Cambridge
   (2006-14), 74; Thom Yorke, singer-songwriter, Radiohead, Creep (1992),
   51.
   (BUTTON) Show more
   (BUTTON) Show more

World

   WORLD AT FIVE

Orphans of Isis have no place in a harsh world

   new

   Four-year-old Nada cannot sing a nursery rhyme that includes the words
   “mum” or “mother”. Each time she hears the words she ceases all
   movement and bursts into tears, remembering her Yazidi mother who had
   no choice but to hand her over to the care of an institution this year.
   “Just the sound of the word ‘mum’ traumatises her with recollection of
   the separation that...Four-year-old Nada cannot sing a nursery rhyme
   that includes the words “mum” or “mother”. Each...Four-year-old Nada
   cannot sing a nursery rhyme that includes the words “mum” or “mother”.
   Each...
   Read the full story
   The childcare centre in Ramilan, northern Syria, has 40 small children
   left behind by former sex-slave mothers who faced an impossible choice
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Fabec1230-e900-11e9-b931-c019e957f
   02a.jpg?crop=1663%2C1108%2C188%2C239&resize=320]

   video

Iraq admits using excessive force to quash riots, killing scores

   The videos show what appear to be raucous but normal protests, street
   scenes from anywhere around the world. Young...The videos show what
   appear to be raucous but normal protests, street scenes from anywhere
   around the world. Young men chant, calling for the downfall of their
   government, conducted from the front by leaders, with lines of riot
   police in the background. Then the protests are interrupted, out of the
   blue and without...The videos show what appear to be raucous but normal
   protests, street scenes from anywhere around the world. Young men
   chant...
   Read the full story
   The SDF said the US has assured them it would not allow Turkish
   military operations in Kurdish-controlled Syria

Trump has stabbed us in the back over US troop withdrawal, claim Kurds

   new

   ANALYSIS

Will Trump’s move spark Turkey-Syria war?

   Protesters refer to the police in Hong Kong as dogs while officers call
   the protesters cockroaches

Lack of trust in the police turns Hong Kong protesters vigilante

   new
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Ff306ae4a-e8f7-11e9-b84b-ece3c0412
   5d8.jpg?crop=1592%2C896%2C4%2C2&resize=320]

   video

In pictures: Putin models new outdoor chic for his 67th birthday

   A record 35 candidates will be vying to replace Maithripala Sirisena,
   who will not be standing for president again

Rajapaksa brothers eye comeback as Sri Lankan president quits after ‘annus
horribilis’

   new
   The Communist Party staged a massive military parade in Beijing last
   week to celebrate its 70-year rule

Five detained for mocking China’s military parade

   The Solomon Islands became the latest country to give Taiwan the cold
   shoulder when it switched diplomatic recognition to China last month

Australia invests in Solomon Islands as Beijing’s influence grows in Pacific

   new

   Australia is to invest in the Solomon Islands as part of an attempt to
   counter China’s growing influence in the tiny...Australia is to invest
   in the Solomon Islands as part of an attempt to counter China’s
   growing...Australia is to invest in the Solomon Islands as part of an
   attempt to counter China’s growing...
   Read the full story
   Tony Abbott blames Malcolm Turnbull, his Liberal Party rival, for
   undermining him and bringing his premiership to an early end

I was wrong to give Prince Philip a knighthood, admits former Australian PM

   new

   Australia’s former prime minister Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader
   of the Liberal Party after he gave...Australia’s former prime minister
   Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader of the Liberal...Australia’s
   former prime minister Tony Abbott, who was ousted as leader of the
   Liberal...
   Read the full story
   Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippine president, told a crowd that he had
   myasthenia gravis during a speech in Russia over the weekend

Duterte reveals that he has autoimmune disease

   EU countries fear another migration crisis is imminent unless more is
   done to help Greece, Italy and Spain to secure Europe’s sea borders

Bigger refugee crisis looming, EU warned

   President Trump has called the first whistleblower a spy, suggesting he
   should be unmasked

New whistleblower to testify on Trump’s Ukraine call

   Albin Kurti, the leader of Vetevendosje, told huge crowds gathered in
   Pristina that the result was a “national celebration”

Former student protest leader wins Kosovo election

How can we go green, Macron asks 150 citizens

   The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading to an assembly hall
   boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed ceiling. The task
   immense: transform France into a green economy. Yet in the middle of
   all the...The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading to an
   assembly hall boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed ceiling.
   The task immense: transform France into a green economy. Yet in the
   middle of all the...The setting was grand: a marble staircase leading
   to an assembly hall boasting dark red velvet seats and a high domed...
   Read the full story

Taliban chiefs meet US envoy in bid to resurrect peace deal

   Taliban leaders have met the US special envoy for Afghanistan for the
   first time since peace talks collapsed last month. Despite President
   Trump declaring the negotiations dead, militant leaders held
   clandestine talks in...Taliban leaders have met the US special envoy
   for Afghanistan for the first time since peace talks collapsed last
   month. Despite President Trump declaring the negotiations dead,
   militant leaders held clandestine talks in...Taliban leaders have met
   the US special envoy for Afghanistan for the first time since peace
   talks collapsed last month.
   Read the full story
   Kim Myong-gil, the North Korean chief negotiator, reads a statement
   outside the country’s embassy in Stockholm

Nuclear meeting a waste of time, says North Korea

   Saudi Arabia is keen to attract far more tourists to cities such as
   Riyadh

Saudi hotels open doors to the unmarried

   FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT

The staff at one Tunis hair salon are all deaf but they’ve got plenty to say

   Tunisian hair salons are noisy places, full of gossip, and whoever cuts
   your hair may be part-time therapist or estate agent too. At the Dove
   Salon in Tunis, the chat is different. Behind a curtain on a street in
   the medina, the one-room...Tunisian hair salons are noisy places, full
   of gossip, and whoever cuts your hair may be...Tunisian hair salons are
   noisy places, full of gossip, and whoever cuts your hair may be...
   Read the full story
   Layli Foroudi used hand signals to indicate roughly the look she wanted
   Christopher Bergan had flown in from Norway

Tragic end to son-in-law’s birthday surprise

   Pope Francis opened a synod into the future of the Amazon region
   yesterday. Conservative cardinals have criticised a proposal to ordain
   older, married men there

Back Francis, former pope tells cardinals

   Romanian and Hungarian nationalists clashed at the war memorial at
   Valea Uzului

Tensions over Transylvanian war graves

   The home in Kitzbühel where five people were murdered

Jealous boyfriend admits five murders in ski resort

Anti-Putin protesters jailed for six years

   Human rights groups have criticised the long jail sentences given to
   two protesters who held up signs calling for the Russian government to
   resign. Yan Sidorov, 19, and Vladislav Mordasov, 24, were arrested
   outside a local...Human rights groups have criticised the long jail
   sentences given to two protesters who held up signs calling for the
   Russian government to resign. Yan Sidorov, 19, and Vladislav Mordasov,
   24, were arrested outside a local...Human rights groups have criticised
   the long jail sentences given to two protesters who held up signs
   calling for the...
   Read the full story

‘Police killer was radicalised in 2010’

   President Macron faced pressure yesterday to sack his interior minister
   over failures that enabled a radical Islamist to work undetected in the
   police intelligence unit and then kill four of his colleagues. Édouard
   Philippe...President Macron faced pressure yesterday to sack his
   interior minister over failures that enabled a radical Islamist to work
   undetected in the police intelligence unit and then kill four of his
   colleagues. Édouard Philippe...President Macron faced pressure
   yesterday to sack his interior minister over failures that enabled a
   radical Islamist...
   Read the full story
   Conservative activists gather in Paris to protest against a bill that
   would give lesbian couples and single women access to IVF

Paris protest against law to allow IVF for lesbians

   Market traders in Dhaka, Bangladesh, have been forced to look elsewhere
   to import onions after prices soared by 700 per cent when India, a
   leading producer, banned exports

Onion prices bring tears to the average Indian’s eyes

   (BUTTON) Show more

Business

Shareholder chat forums should be shut down, says Sirius boss

   new

   Online shareholder chat forums are a “disgrace” and should be shut
   down, according to the boss of Sirius Minerals. Chris Fraser, chief
   executive, said the Financial Conduct Authority should investigate the
   bulletin boards where many Sirius retail shareholders discuss their
   investments. The...Online shareholder chat forums are a “disgrace” and
   should be shut down, according to the boss of Sirius Minerals. Chris
   Fraser, chief executive, said the Financial Conduct Authority should
   investigate the bulletin boards where many Sirius retail shareholders
   discuss their investments. The...Online shareholder chat forums are a
   “disgrace” and should be shut down, according to the boss of Sirius
   Minerals. Chris Fraser...
   Read the full story

House prices growing at slowest rate since 2013, says Halifax

   House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in September, according to
   the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the increase in the
   year-on-year price to 1.1 per cent, down from 1.8 per cent in August
   and the lowest since April 2013. Russell Galley, managing director at
   the mortgage lender Halifax, said: “Annual house price growth
   slowed...House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in September,
   according to the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the increase in
   the year-on-year price to 1.1 per cent, down from 1.8 per cent in
   August and the lowest since April 2013. Russell Galley, managing
   director at the mortgage lender Halifax, said: “Annual house price
   growth slowed...House price growth declined by 0.4 per cent in
   September, according to the Halifax’s new-look index. This took the
   increase in...
   Read the full story
   President Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on all goods that the
   US imports from China

China rejects trade concessions demanded by America

   new

   China does not plan to offer key trade concessions demanded by the
   United States when high-level talks resume this week. Liu He, China’s
   vice premier and top trade negotiator, has told American officials that
   Beijing will not commit to reforms of Chinese government subsidies and
   industrial policy, according to...China does not plan to offer key
   trade concessions demanded by the United States when high-level...China
   does not plan to offer key trade concessions demanded by the United
   States when high-level...
   Read the full story

Worst September for retail sales as consumers spend elsewhere

   new
   Streaming services such as Amazon Prime and its period drama The
   Marvelous Mrs Maisel proved a bigger draw for consumer cash than
   traditional retail
   SIG, the building materials supplier, saw its shares fall this morning
   as a result of the deterioration in construction activity

Investors hit roof as SIG issues profit warning

   The bank plans to shed a further 10,000 staff and streamline its
   management

HSBC to slash jobs in Europe and US

   comment

Hiring non-execs isn’t difficult – but may backfire

   new

   The heart sank a little this weekend when it was reported that Aston
   Martin Lagonda was under pressure to address its...The heart sank a
   little this weekend when it was reported that Aston Martin Lagonda was
   under...The heart sank a little this weekend when it was reported that
   Aston Martin Lagonda was under...
   Read the full story

   comment

Government’s spending spree in the regions is just what they need

   new

   Nine years ago, David Cameron took the Tories into an election
   promising austerity. George Osborne, the former prime...Nine years ago,
   David Cameron took the Tories into an election promising austerity.
   George...Nine years ago, David Cameron took the Tories into an election
   promising austerity. George...
   Read the full story
   Sanjeev Gupta has taken advantage of the financial distress of Tata
   Steel and the failure of Caparo Industries to build up his Liberty
   House group

‘Every country needs core industries, but the UK has given up’

   De La Rue lost the contract to print British passports after Brexit

De La Rue appoints ‘turnaround specialist’ as CEO

   Liberty House has expanded through the acquisition of plants from Tata
   Steel UK and the failed Caparo Industries to become Britain’s biggest
   steel company

Steel tycoon opens the books to silence critics

   The group sells furniture directly from designers online

Rentals may soon become part of the furniture at Made

   Jacopo Marzocco, who is leading an investment drive in London, is part
   of the Marzocco family that built the Tour Odéon skyscraper in Monaco

Family behind Monaco’s best addresses move in to London

   Funding Circle, the small business lender has lost about 80 per cent of
   its value since it came to market a year ago.

   working life

Storm warning takes wind out of peer-to-peer lending’s sails

   comment

A brave chancellor must be ready to cut taxes and simplify the system

   Although no one seems clear about how a general election will actually
   be triggered, there is a widely held view that...Although no one seems
   clear about how a general election will actually be triggered, there is
   a...Although no one seems clear about how a general election will
   actually be triggered, there is a...
   Read the full story

   Comment

We at Unilever need to tackle the problem of ocean plastics

   By the time you’ve read this article, the equivalent of two rubbish
   trucks of plastic will have been dumped into our...By the time you’ve
   read this article, the equivalent of two rubbish trucks of plastic will
   have...By the time you’ve read this article, the equivalent of two
   rubbish trucks of plastic will have...
   Read the full story
   Imperial ousted Alison Cooper as chief executive after nine years in
   response to long-running investor discontent

‘Legal issues’ delay hunt for tobacco boss

   friends at a pub toasting, having a good time, birds view

Pub chief denies business rate claim

   M&amp;G Prudential is investing £875 million to buy and fund the
   development of the office scheme

Backing for Gotham City tower is home win for UK

   John Bolton, the former US national security adviser, promised this
   summer to start incrementally introducing a trade accord “very quickly”
   after the October 31 exit date

Piecemeal deal with US risks legal fight, ex-trade judge says

   Increased scrutiny of the four largest firms has created “lots more
   opportunities” for BDO

Joint auditing on its way, says top accountant

   A third of UK businesses feel they are exposed to a supply chain risk
   if there is a hard Brexit

Small firms in the dark on their suppliers’ readiness for Brexit

   Mike Ashley has described the business as “nothing short of terminal”

Ashley ‘to close House of Fraser stores’

   Mike Ashley’s Sports Direct is reported to be preparing to shut down
   more House of Fraser stores at the end of the...Mike Ashley’s Sports
   Direct is reported to be preparing to shut down more House of Fraser
   stores...Mike Ashley’s Sports Direct is reported to be preparing to
   shut down more House of Fraser stores...
   Read the full story
   Eddie Stobart’s third-largest investor must make a takeover offer today

The week ahead

   This week brings some conclusions, or at least big developments, in
   merger and acquisitions deals. Today marks the...This week brings some
   conclusions, or at least big developments, in merger and acquisitions
   deals.This week brings some conclusions, or at least big developments,
   in merger and acquisitions deals.
   Read the full story
   Pied à Terre’s head chef, Asimakis Chaniotis, left, and its owner David
   Moore have plans for expansion

Chefs still reach for Michelin stars

   Meng Wanzhou, a senior Huawei executive, was arrested in Canada under a
   US extradition warrant

Vodafone aims to shut out rivals with radio mast tech

   The taxpayer has a £40.5 million exposure to the cost of returning
   110,000 Monarch passengers stranded after its collapse

Taxpayer unlikely to recoup cash from Monarch repatriation

   Which? said that research showed that some online adverts for financial
   products could be dangerously misleading

Savers attracted to risk-free adverts

   (BUTTON) Show more

Sport

   cricket | mike atherton

Silverwood has worked hard for his chance but this is a missed opportunity

   new

   Chris Silverwood comes with the strongest possible endorsement from the
   Essex and England cricketers with whom he has worked. Nobody I have
   spoken to has a bad word to say about him or his coaching skills.
   Nevertheless, his appointment to the role of England head coach feels
   like a missed opportunity to reorder the coaching set-up so that it is
   nimbler and more dynamic...Chris Silverwood comes with the strongest
   possible endorsement from the Essex and England...Chris Silverwood
   comes with the strongest possible endorsement from the Essex and
   England...
   Read the full story
   Silverwood already has a good relationship with the players

   cricket

New coach was picked after impressing in interview

   Chris Silverwood has been appointed England head coach and will take up
   the role immediately, leading the team in...Chris Silverwood has been
   appointed England head coach and will take up the role immediately,
   leading the team in their forthcoming tour of New Zealand. Silverwood
   has been England’s bowling coach for the past two years and prior to
   that coached Essex to the County Championship title. The 44-year-old
   former...Chris Silverwood has been appointed England head coach and
   will take up the role immediately, leading the team in their...
   Read the full story
   Sean and Matty Longstaff were superb in Newcastle’s 1-0 victory over
   United

   Football

How playfights and ice hockey shaped Longstaff brothers’ remarkable story

   new

   Football | Tom Roddy

Pulisic must do more to meet Chelsea’s lofty expectations

   new

   Football | Matthew Syed

I love Milner, a resilient professional who knows how much milk costs

   I love James Milner. I love that he had the composure to score with a
   penalty in the 95th minute to hand Liverpool...I love James Milner. I
   love that he had the composure to score with a penalty in the 95th
   minute...I love James Milner. I love that he had the composure to score
   with a penalty in the 95th minute...
   Read the full story

   Henry Winter

Lampard and Gerrard could fight for an England place again — as the next
manager

   new

   The country used to enter England week arguing furiously over whether
   Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard could play...The country used to enter
   England week arguing furiously over whether Steven Gerrard and
   Frank...The country used to enter England week arguing furiously over
   whether Steven Gerrard and Frank...
   Read the full story

   premier league | Henry Winter

United used to fight – now they surrender

   The chant pierced through the gloom surrounding the Manchester United
   supporters high up at St James’ Park. “We want Glazers out”, they sang
   over and over, highlighting widespread anger against owners who have
   forgotten that Manchester United...The chant pierced through the gloom
   surrounding the Manchester United supporters high up at St...The chant
   pierced through the gloom surrounding the Manchester United supporters
   high up at St...
   Read the full story
   United’s players look dejected as they suffered a disappointing defeat
   by Newcastle
   Traoré had not scored in the league in 13 months but claimed two
   yesterday

   premier league | Paul Hirst

City’s bungling backline gifts Wolves shock win

   Bamford was spat at by Millwall fans after being told to leave the
   nearest touchline when he was substituted

   Football

Referees told to use common sense over touchline laws amid player safety
fears

   new
   Bronze has 77 caps for England but was open to playing for Portugal had
   Hope Powell not come calling

   women's football

Bronze: I could have been facing England in a Portugal shirt

   new
   Featherstone, left, works for an agency which represents Sheffield
   Wednesday manager Garry Monk, right, and other current players

   Football

Agent charged after assault in pub toilet

The Ruck podcast

   Could England be tempted to take it easy against France to avoid
   ‘tougher’ draw?
   LISTEN NOW

   Rugby World Cup | Owen Slot

My plan to get miracles from minnows

   After the pool B game on Sunday, which New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil
   Davies, the Namibia coach, was rightly proud of his team. That is kind
   of perverse in itself. You wonder: how do you get your players’ minds
   around these hiding-to-nothing...After the pool B game on Sunday, which
   New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil Davies, the Namibia coach...After the
   pool B game on Sunday, which New Zealand had won 71-9, Phil Davies, the
   Namibia coach...
   Read the full story
   Farrell had an off-day with the boot and was quiet with ball in hand

   Rugby World Cup | Owen Slot

Farrell looks wasteful and ponderous after moving aside for Ford

   Rugby World Cup

How Ford took control after Argentina went down to 14 players

   rugby world cup | stuart barnes

Dangerous tackles, not red cards, will ruin tournament

   Galatians vi, 7: “For whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.” I
   don’t know if Owen Farrell knows his Bible but...Galatians vi, 7: “For
   whatever a man sows, that he will also reap.” I don’t know if Owen
   Farrell...Galatians vi, 7: “For whatever a man sows, that he will also
   reap.” I don’t know if Owen Farrell...
   Read the full story

   rugby world cup | david walsh

The tackle that sums up why this World Cup could be the best ever

   I am inclined to agree with Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the
   World Cup so far was TJ Perenara’s smile...I am inclined to agree with
   Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the World Cup so far was TJ...I
   am inclined to agree with Sean Fitzpatrick. One of the moments of the
   World Cup so far was TJ...
   Read the full story

The Game podcast

   City’s shoddy defending could cost them the title
   LISTEN NOW

   Cricket | Sarah Taylor interview

‘My anxiety meant I was in and out – it was tough’

   Sarah Taylor’s decision to bring an end to a glittering international
   career after a long battle with crippling anxiety was agonising. Now it
   has been made, she feels a sense of peace. The woman once described by
   Adam Gilchrist as the best wicketkeeper in the world, male or female,
   called time on her England career last month, bringing to an end 226
   appearances in...Sarah Taylor’s decision to bring an end to a
   glittering international career after a long battle...Sarah Taylor’s
   decision to bring an end to a glittering international career after a
   long battle...
   Read the full story
   Taylor was one of the star players as England women scaled new heights

   Cricket | Elizabeth Ammon

Fix batting order, balance workloads: what’s in new coach’s in-tray?

   Chris Silverwood has been named as the successor to Trevor Bayliss as
   the new England head coach, stepping up after...Chris Silverwood has
   been named as the successor to Trevor Bayliss as the new England head
   coach, stepping up after working for two years as bowling coach. After
   England’s failed Ashes campaign in the summer, what does Silverwood
   need to work on in the coming months? Sort out the batting
   Silverwood needs to...Chris Silverwood has been named as the successor
   to Trevor Bayliss as the new England head coach, stepping up after
   working for...
   Read the full story
   Abraham claimed his eighth league goal of the season with a lob over
   Southampton goalkeeper Gunn

   premier league

Abraham hits heights with timely memo to Southgate

   Luiz became only the sixth different player to score in the league for
   Arsenal this season

   premier league

Mature Luiz proves he has more to offer than comical errors

   Tottenham’s players show their dejection after Connolly gave Brighton a
   2-0 lead

   Premier League | James Gheerbrant

Players losing faith in Pochettino project

   No less an authority on management than Sir Alex Ferguson reckoned four
   seasons was the most you could wring from one...No less an authority on
   management than Sir Alex Ferguson reckoned four seasons was the most
   you...No less an authority on management than Sir Alex Ferguson
   reckoned four seasons was the most you...
   Read the full story

   Footbal | tony cascarino

Otamendi is floundering – but don’t write off City

   I am often baffled when Manchester City lose. Given what we know of the
   way that they can play, the heights that they...I am often baffled when
   Manchester City lose. Given what we know of the way that they can
   play...I am often baffled when Manchester City lose. Given what we know
   of the way that they can play...
   Read the full story
   Henderson is the only survivor from the England team that started
   against Malta in Southgate’s opening match as manager

   football

A ponderous beginning, but Southgate’s England now quicken the pulse

   premier league | paul joyce

Silva’s need to find Everton’s backbone and cutting edge is now critical

   Edmund is in a dismal run of form and will lose his status as British
   No 1

   Tennis

Edmund open to reunion with former coach after sixth consecutive defeat

   new
   GB endured their worst World Championship medal haul since 2005 under
   the leadership of Black

   Athletics

UK Athletics chief may quit after Salazar scandal

Rugby World Cup

   Who will win? Take on our writers with our interactive predictor
   PICK YOUR CHAMPIONS
   The Khalifa Stadium in Doha lights up during the closing ceremony of
   the World Athletics Championships

   Athletics | Rick Broadbent

Hope rises from hypocrisy at this two-faced event

   Hassan achieved an unprecedented double in the 1,500m and 10,000m

   athletics | Matt Lawton

Salazar athlete lashes out at questions over victory

   Harries fell as he was trying to hand over the baton to Yousif in the
   4x400m relay final

   athletics

British medal count falls short amid relay drama

   Coe said he had no regrets about taking World Championships to Qatar

   athletics

Coe admits that he has not read full doping report on Farah’s ex-coach

   Asher-Smith was Great Britain’s star turn with a gold medal and two
   silvers

   athletics

British women delighted to take centre stage

   Mount, centre, and Abraham, right, are excelling for Chelsea after
   benefitting from loan spells

   Football | Gregor Robertson

How managing loan players has become a scientific process

   Football | Gregor Robertson

Decision time for Wycombe fans on try-before-you-buy deal

   Mané goes down under the challenge of Albrighton for Liverpool’s
   last-gasp penalty, a decision that was upheld by VAR

   Premier League | Alyson Rudd

Klopp: it already feels like a title run-in

   Corbyn, who supports Arsenal, wants the Premier League wealth invested
   into grassroots game

   premier league

Corbyn: ban bad owners like Ashley

   Football | Henry Winter

Winter’s weekend wonders: Akinfenwa still delivering the goods at 37

   Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure on, “beast mode” on. Akinfenwa loves these
   challenges: a last-minute penalty opportunity to grab a point for
   Wycombe Wanderers against Peterborough United in League One. Straight
   run-up, slight pause, committing Christy...Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure
   on, “beast mode” on. Akinfenwa loves these challenges: a
   last-minute...Adebayo Akinfenwa. Pressure on, “beast mode” on.
   Akinfenwa loves these challenges: a last-minute...
   Read the full story
   Solskjaer’s side have made their worst start to a season for 30 years

   premier league

Solskjaer: making top four is a very tough task

   Matty Longstaff gets a rub on the head from Andy Carroll after scoring
   for Newcastle

   premier league

Longstaffs’ mum ‘jumped like lunatic’ at goal

   premier league

Guardiola’s case for the City defence

   Premier League

Grealish: England call will come

   Premier League

Free-transfer Cahill brings winning mentality to resolute Palace

   Premier League

Impressive Henderson feels the love

   football

FA wants England fans to ‘dob a yob’

   Women's football | molly hudson

Neville faces pressure after defeat by Brazil

   Silva says his squad must stick together after four successive league
   defeats

   premier league

Next match is must-win for Everton, admits ruffled Silva

   BeIN Sport’s Saudi Arabia ban has triggered a surge in piracy that has
   cost the Doha-based pay channel billions while leading to 18 per cent
   job losses

   Football

Premier League TV finances face ruin due to piracy

   Football | bill edgar

Game in numbers: Tottenham on a sticky wicket

   Four days after becoming the first English team to concede seven goals
   in a leading European competition, Tottenham...Four days after becoming
   the first English team to concede seven goals in a leading
   European...Four days after becoming the first English team to concede
   seven goals in a leading European...
   Read the full story

   Football | George Lewis

Funny old game: Liverpool pull off the ultimate wind-up

   As a Manchester United fan, Liverpool have always been the
   supervillains. Others have been there or thereabouts...As a Manchester
   United fan, Liverpool have always been the supervillains. Others have
   been there...As a Manchester United fan, Liverpool have always been the
   supervillains. Others have been there...
   Read the full story
   Jones will have an easier route to the final if England finish second
   in their pool

   rugby world cup

Jones: Changes likely for France game

   Nowell scored England’s fifth try in his first match for his country
   since March

   rugby world cup | Alex Lowe

Returning Nowell and Vunipola will prove key

   Itoje, right, is the England pack’s totem

   rugby world cup

Itoje 9, Farrell 4: how England rated against Argentina

   Raka was outstanding against Tonga, particularly in the first half

   rugby world cup | Steve James

Brilliant players, but France look totally clueless

   racing

Longchamp falls silent as Enable meets her match

   Frankie Dettori took up prime position, waited for his moment, and
   kicked for home to put daylight between his mare and the chasing pack.
   A roar began to swell from the Longchamp crowd, as this historic scene
   unfolded — and then, all of a sudden...Frankie Dettori took up prime
   position, waited for his moment, and kicked for home to put...Frankie
   Dettori took up prime position, waited for his moment, and kicked for
   home to put...
   Read the full story
   Enable, far, was passed on the home straight by Waldgeist
   New Zealand started slowly but Perenara put the seal on victory with a
   superb try

   rugby world cup

All Blacks ‘had wrong attitude’

   Federer congratulated Murray on his return to action in singles
   competition

   tennis

Federer glad to see Murray is ‘playing better and better’

   Semenya was not allowed to compete at the World Championships in Doha

   athletics

Semenya’s specialist objected to ‘surgery recommendation’

   Amy Murphy can saddle Wolf Prince (4.55) to win at Catterick

   Racing

Tipster of the Year: Rob Wright’s racing tips

   (BUTTON) Show more

Register

   obituary

Ginger Baker

   Virtuoso drummer in Cream who would seethe at the mention of Led
   Zeppelin, and who drove through the Sahara to kick his drug habit

   By his own admission Ginger Baker was “an obnoxious git”. He was
   truculent, rude, abrasive, arrogant, prone to outbursts of physical
   violence and the lash of his tongue could be even more vicious than his
   fists. Eric Clapton, who played with Baker in his salad days in Cream
   and Blind Faith, admitted that he was “scared” of him and there was no
   mellowing in the autumn of...By his own admission Ginger Baker was “an
   obnoxious git”. He was truculent, rude, abrasive...By his own admission
   Ginger Baker was “an obnoxious git”. He was truculent, rude,
   abrasive...
   Read the full story
   Ginger Baker on stage with Cream in the 1960s. His kit had two bass
   drums that he played simultaneously with each foot
   Sally Soames insisted on taking her “photographs of people” in black
   and white

   obituary

Sally Soames

   Sally Soames believed that her first professionally published
   photograph was her best. The image of a youth...Sally Soames believed
   that her first professionally published photograph was her best. The
   image of a youth celebrating in Trafalgar Square on New Year’s Eve 1960
   won her first prize in a newspaper competition and led to a celebrated
   career in which she spent 32 years as a star photographer on The Sunday
   Times...Sally Soames believed that her first professionally published
   photograph was her best. The image of a youth celebrating in...
   Read the full story
   Terrance Dicks in 2015 with Wendy Padbury, who played the Doctor’s
   companion Zoe Heriot in the 1960s, and a Cyberman

   obituary

Terrance Dicks

   Tropical Storm Karen struck Puerto Rico

   weather eye

Gigantic jets light up skies above Tropical Storm Karen

   court circular

October 5 & 6

   october 7, 1919

The art of camouflage

Puzzles

Crossword Club

   Play now

Times Concise No 8089

   Play now

Times Quick Cryptic No 1455

   Play now

Times Cryptic No 27475

   Play now

Concise Quintagram No 500

   Play now

Cryptic Quintagram No 500

   Play now

Sudoku No 11034 Difficult

   Play now

Sudoku No 11035 Fiendish

   Play now

Sudoku No 11033 Easy

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6807 Gentle

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6808 Tricky

   Play now

Brain Trainer No 3004

   Play now

Cell Blocks No 3656

   Play now

Codeword No 3773

   Play now

Futoshiki No 3536

   Play now

Kakuro No 2495

   Play now

KenKen No 4765

   Play now

Lexica No 4992

   Play now

Lexica No 4991

   Play now

Polygon

   Play now

Set Square No 2498

   Play now

Suko No 2674

   Play now

Bridge

   Play now

Chess

   Play now
   (BUTTON) Show more

Special

The Times Crossword Championship 2019

   Come to our revamped annual crossword extravaganza. More prizes, more
   places, more puzzles
   INFORMATION & TICKETS

Times2

   American author Bill Bryson

Bill Bryson: ‘I don’t want to know everything that can go wrong with my
heart’

   Researching the body, Bill Bryson discovered a lot of ways that people
   die, but learnt more about his own fate from a recent MRI scan

   DR MARK PORTER

What to do if the pharmacist can’t fill your prescription

   new

My life under the sinister shadow of coercive control

   As the new Domestic Abuse Bill is debated in parliament, one woman
   describes her terrifying ordeal

   ask professor tanya byron

We are worried about our daughter. She is divorced, in debt and won’t get a
job

   Christa D'Souza

Do you have ‘diet face’? It’s everywhere

   Jenni Murray is spot on — staying slim can take its toll on your
   features, says Christa D’Souza
   Lupita Nyong’o takes on Australian zombies in Little Monsters

   ARTS

A cavalcade of zombies, schoolgirls and Hitler

   Kevin Maher

Relationship advice? It’s a subject that some teachers find particularly
sticky

   Voice-notes are convenient

Why my generation love voice notes

   Q15: Who is this Scottish actor?

   MindGames

The Times Daily Quiz

   first night | opera

The Cunning Little Vixen — amorous animal instincts

   new

   ★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise old birds gossip high up in the branches. We
   hear busy nature everywhere in the miraculous score too: the flicker of
   wings, chatter of crickets and rustle...★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise...★★★★☆
   All life is in this forest. Animals scamper on a landscape of
   undulating green; wise...
   Read the full story
   Aoife Miskelly sings the title role with gleeful vitality in Welsh
   National Opera’s touring revival
   Ben Castle-Gibb as a young Victor Frankenstein

   first night | theatre

Frankenstein — mangled retelling of an old horror story

   new
   Harriet Thorpe as Vera and Tracie Bennett as Mame

   first night | theatre

Mame — oozes style and sass

   new
   Lwando Dutyulwa as Albrecht and Dada Masilo in the title role of a
   fascinating production of Giselle at Sadler’s Wells in London

   FIRST NIGHT | DANCE

Dada Masilo’s Giselle — vicious and disturbing rewrite of tragedy

   ★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and how. Created by the...★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and...★★★★☆
   Philanderers beware. In the world of Dada Masilo’s Giselle you will be
   punished, and...
   Read the full story
   Mary Bevan is outstanding as Eurydice

   first night | opera

Orpheus in the Underworld — this Orpheus underwhelms

   ★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that the gods were...★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that...★★☆☆☆
   Offenbach’s first big hit was a rollicking satire rewriting the Orpheus
   legend so that...
   Read the full story
   The cast of Noises Off

   first night | theatre

Noises Off — a furious whirlwind of limbs and misunderstandings

   King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard

   first night | pop

King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard — no focus group would dream up this
band’s route to success

   The Australian Chamber Orchestra led by Richard Tognetti, front

   first night | concert

Australian Chamber Orchestra/Tognetti — fabulous musicianship but a stylistic
mishmash

   Anna Patalong and Benedict Nelson in Miss Julie

   first night | opera

Miss Julie — an intense, brilliantly orchestrated, but neglected masterpiece

   television

The Americas with Simon Reeve review — a travelogue to test even the zestiest
presenter

   Ian Hislop puzzles over why people believe fake news stories even when
   they have been debunked

   VIEWING GUIDE

What’s on TV tonight

   Baths are now fodder for Instagram

   THE LOWDOWN

Bathfluencers

   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F0d025bd0-e5f8-11e9-aa03-a7b5cef19
   400.jpg?crop=1271%2C715%2C0%2C0&resize=320]

   video

   THE TIMES FILM SHOW

Joker and Judy video review

What’s on TV

   Click here for our interactive listings
   TIMES2
   (BUTTON) Show more

Scotland

New laws needed to protect Scottish wildlife, says Attenborough

   Sir David Attenborough has called on ministers to create “powerful new
   environmental laws” to save Scotland’s wildlife, after a report found
   that more than one in ten species could disappear. The naturalist and
   broadcaster, 93, has joined forces with the Scottish Wildlife Trust
   (SWT) to...Sir David Attenborough has called on ministers to create
   “powerful new environmental laws” to save Scotland’s wildlife, after a
   report found that more than one in ten species could disappear. The
   naturalist and broadcaster, 93, has joined forces with the Scottish
   Wildlife Trust (SWT) to...Sir David Attenborough has called on
   ministers to create “powerful new environmental laws” to save
   Scotland’s wildlife, after a...
   Read the full story

Pill machines ‘fuelling street valium epidemic’

   Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in Scotland to
   churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”, experts have
   warned. Addiction specialists have called for the equipment to be
   regulated amid evidence that counterfeit benzodiazepine is being
   produced on an industrial scale and contributing to a rising number of
   deaths...Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in
   Scotland to churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”, experts
   have warned. Addiction specialists have called for the equipment to be
   regulated amid evidence that counterfeit benzodiazepine is being
   produced on an industrial scale and contributing to a rising number of
   deaths...Pill-punching machines are being used by drug dealers in
   Scotland to churn out “alarming” quantities of “street valium”...
   Read the full story
   Shelagh Coutts, a doctor, said that Scotland did not offer the
   treatments for stroke available to her patients in Canada

Stroke patients ‘missing out on vital treatment’

   A neurologist whose mother suffered a stroke in Scotland has described
   “how far the country is behind” looking after people with the
   condition. Shelagh Coutts, a professor of neurology in Canada, said
   that it took more than 90 minutes for an ambulance to reach her mother
   even though her father had told the 999...A neurologist whose mother
   suffered a stroke in Scotland has described “how far the country is...A
   neurologist whose mother suffered a stroke in Scotland has described
   “how far the country is...
   Read the full story

Losses at Trump’s resort top £1m for seventh year

   The president has promoted the resort as “perhaps the greatest” in the
   world
   The potential for demonstrations at the summit in Glasgow would be
   challenging, police have said

Delegates at UN climate summit could be put up on cruise ships

   In the Highlands the number of pupils learning Gaelic fell sharply
   between 2012 and last year

Be bold and Gaelic will prosper, insists the new bard of Glasgow

   Polmont young offenders’ institution is providing phones in cells as
   part of a trial

Give prisoners telephones ‘to help reduce self-harm’

   Facial recognition could be used for racial profiling, human rights
   groups have warned

Police warned over face recognition bias

   Ruth Davidson said that she felt “hopelessly conflicted by Brexit”

I may quit Holyrood, Davidson announces

   Jill Belch said she understood why many women chose part-time jobs in
   medicine

Women in medicine ‘held back by part-time careers’

   The brown marmorated stink bug would cause havoc for crops, a pest
   management expert said

Asian bug threatens to cause a stink

   Sigrid Nielsen and Bob Orr founded the Lavender Menace bookshop in
   Edinburgh in 1982

Pioneering bookshop gets a story of its own

   first night | comedy

Still Game Live: The Final Farewell at the SSE Hydro, Glasgow

   ★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan and Greg Hemphill left fans in no doubt that this was the
   end for Jack Jarvis, Victor McDade and the Craiglang posse. Not since
   the final episode of ...★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan...★★☆☆☆
   When the BBC Scotland sitcom Still Game bowed out this year its writers
   Ford Kiernan...
   Read the full story
   Despite some show-stopping songs the show relied on tired catchphrases

   comment

Sturgeon’s final chapter may contain a twist

   comment

Sympathy for muses as idols fall from grace

   comment

Holyrood must deliver long-term mental health plan

   Business comment

Good employers do the right thing every day, not just once a year

   business

Small towns prove big draw overseas

   Scotland’s small towns and villages attract more foreign direct
   investment than those in the rest of the UK, according to research
   published today. The analysis by EY found there was a more even spread
   of projects in Scotland.Scotland’s small towns and villages attract
   more foreign direct investment than those in the rest of the UK,
   according to research published today. The analysis by EY found there
   was a more even spread of projects in Scotland.Scotland’s small towns
   and villages attract more foreign direct investment than those in the
   rest of the UK...
   Read the full story

Revealed: the hunt for gun used in 19 shootings

   The story of how a gun linked to 19 shootings across Britain was
   finally taken off the streets has been revealed after eight members of
   a crime gang were jailed last week. Police had hunted the Beretta 9000S
   for seven years. It...The story of how a gun linked to 19 shootings
   across Britain was finally taken off the streets has been revealed
   after eight members of a crime gang were jailed last week. Police had
   hunted the Beretta 9000S for seven years. It...The story of how a gun
   linked to 19 shootings across Britain was finally taken off the streets
   has been revealed...
   Read the full story
   Opportunities to work part-time led to more diversity and better
   productivity

Flexible working good for businesses, bosses declare

   Ferguson Marine yard ran into financial trouble while building
   Caledonian MacBrayne ferries

SNP ignored advice on shipbuilder

   Football

Livingston’s finest day is a Celtic horror show

   It is often said that Livingston do not bring much to Scotland’s top
   flight. Their artificial surface is ugly and unloved. On days like this
   they surrender three sides of their ground — dubbed the Spaghettihad —
   to a noisy occupation by an army of visiting supporters. Their finances
   are limited and their play is criticised for being excessively robust,
   direct and...It is often said that Livingston do not bring much to
   Scotland’s top flight. Their artificial...It is often said that
   Livingston do not bring much to Scotland’s top flight. Their
   artificial...
   Read the full story
   Robinson opened the scoring on a historic day for Livingston
   Defoe scored a hat-trick the day before his 37th birthday

   Football

Defoe’s hat-trick puts the seal on a perfect afternoon for Rangers

   Jermain Defoe was in a car crash after Rangers’ previous match. While
   he escaped without injury, the striker was said...Jermain Defoe was in
   a car crash after Rangers’ previous match. While he escaped without
   injury, the striker was said to be shaken, a bit like the Hamilton
   Academical side who suffered the footballing equivalent of whiplash at
   Ibrox yesterday. Preferred to the rested Alfredo Morelos, the former
   England international...Jermain Defoe was in a car crash after Rangers’
   previous match. While he escaped without injury, the striker was said
   to be...
   Read the full story
   Moore has shot to the top of the game after a career in the background

   Rugby World Cup

Japanese-Australian lock who stands between Scotland and the last eight

   Scotland must ensure they beat Russia before worrying about overcoming
   Japan

   Rugby World Cup

‘Scotland must focus on Russia first’

   Fagerson is confident about dealing with the four-day turnaround

   Rugby World Cup

Now we all know what we have to do, says Fagerson

   The finish to Japan’s win over Samoa on Saturday may have been bizarre
   and controversial but, as far as the Scotland...The finish to Japan’s
   win over Samoa on Saturday may have been bizarre and controversial but,
   as...The finish to Japan’s win over Samoa on Saturday may have been
   bizarre and controversial but, as...
   Read the full story

   Monday Briefing | Paul Forsyth

Clarke’s priority is building a defence

   If Steve Clarke is like any other manager, he will be racking his
   brains ahead of this week’s international...If Steve Clarke is like any
   other manager, he will be racking his brains ahead of this week’s...If
   Steve Clarke is like any other manager, he will be racking his brains
   ahead of this week’s...
   Read the full story
   (BUTTON) Show more

Ireland

150 academics declare support for eco-activists’ week of rebellion

   More than 150 Irish academics have signed a letter supporting
   Extinction Rebellion as the environmental activist group starts its
   week-long campaign of disruption in Dublin. Ciarán O’Carroll, a member
   of the Irish branch of the group, said that it was planning to hold a
   rally outside the Dáil today, the first of several events due to be
   held in the city centre. Dr...More than 150 Irish academics have signed
   a letter supporting Extinction Rebellion as the...More than 150 Irish
   academics have signed a letter supporting Extinction Rebellion as
   the...
   Read the full story
   Members of Extinction Rebellion protesting outside a government
   building in Dublin in July
   Paschal Donohoe says a no-deal Brexit could result in 50,000 job losses

Call for €1.5bn Brexit fund to help firms

   The country’s largest business lobby group has called for €1.5 billion
   in state aid to be made available to help...The country’s largest
   business lobby group has called for €1.5 billion in state aid to be
   made available to help Irish firms deal with the potential fallout of a
   no-deal Brexit. Ibec said in a report published today that the
   government should set out a “framework of state aid support worth €1.5
   billion over the next...The country’s largest business lobby group has
   called for €1.5 billion in state aid to be made available to help Irish
   firms...
   Read the full story
   A charity has called for thousands more cost-rental homes to be built

Rent aid covers cost of only 4% of homes

   Leo Varadkar “has a whiff of the Boris Johnson about him”, according to
   his rivals

Sinn Féin bites back after wolves jibe

   High levels of chlorine were found in the water supply in Swanlinbar

Water plant failures ‘posed health risk’

   About 20 per cent of people get less than six hours’ sleep a night

Snoring partner is our worst nightmare

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Monday October 7 2019
   Log inSubscribe

   Read the full article
   Free for 30 days
   Start your free trial

Bailout fund to prop up businesses after Brexit

   No-deal plans accelerated amid recession fears
   Steven Swinford, Deputy Political Editor

   August 10 2019, 10:00am, The Times
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapse
   Michael Gove confirmed during a visit to Northern Ireland that
   ministers were working on a support package for companies at risk of
   collapseLiam McBurney/Press Association

   Boris Johnson is drawing up plans for a bailout fund to prop up
   businesses in the event of a no-deal Brexit amid fears that the economy
   is on the cusp of a recession.

   Michael Gove, who is leading the no-deal preparations, confirmed for
   the first time that ministers were working on a package to help
   companies at risk of collapse.

   The Times understands that the government has drawn up a secret list of
   big British employers that are considered most at risk, with the worst
   affected expected to be in the construction and manufacturing sectors.

   The prime minister’s Brexit war cabinet is expected to discuss the
   bailout plans, known as “Operation Kingfisher”, next week amid growing
   concern that a no-deal Brexit could tip businesses…
   Want to read more?
   Subscribe now and get unlimited digital access on web and our
   smartphone and tablet apps, free for your first month.
   ____________________ ____________________Start your free trial
     * Politics
     * Boris Johnson
     * Conservative Party
     * Brexit
     * Michael Gove

   You are currently logged out

Get one month’s free unlimited access

   Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter most.
   Start your trial

Keep up to date using Android and iOS apps for Smartphone and Tablet

   Get The International Pack for free for your first 30 days for
   unlimited Smartphone and Tablet access.
   Start your free trial

   Already a member? Log in

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * The Times Academy
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Announcements
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   Subscribe to get one month’s free unlimited access
   ____________________ Start your free trial
   Log in (BUTTON) Register

   Already a subscriber or registered access user? Login
