ABCNews

   Aurora 'Dark Knight' Suspect James Holmes Said He 'Was the Joker': Cops
   By RICHARD ESPOSITO, JACK DATE, PIERRE THOMAS and LEE FERRAN Jul 20,
   2012, 1:58 PM ET
     *
     *
     *
     *

   WATCH: The 24-year-old withdrew in June as a student at the University
   of Colorado.

   The man in custody for allegedly killing 12 people at the screening of
   the latest Batman movie in Aurora, Colorado told authorities after the
   shooting that he "was The Joker," NYPD police commissioner Ray Kelly
   said today.

   Kelly told reporters the suspect, identified by federal officials as
   24-year-old James Holmes, had dyed his hair like The Joker. The Joker
   is a well-known villain in the fictional Batman universe. The attack
   took place at a screening of "The Dark Knight Rises," the final movie
   in a Batman trilogy, following "The Dark Knight" in which The Joker was
   the principal villain.

   Two federal law enforcement officials confirmed the details of The
   Joker reference to ABC News. Aurora police chief Dan Oates declined to
   comment on Kelly's remarks but said he had spoken with the NYPD, where
   he had previously served.

   Police said the weapons used in the massacre include a military-style
   AR-15 assault rifle with a high-capacity drum-style clip, a shotgun and
   two handguns. The guns were purchased legally over the last several
   months, according to law enforcement officials.

   READ: Colorado Batman Movie Shooting Suspect Was PhD Student

   Holmes does not have a criminal record except for a traffic violation,
   which would allow him to pass any background check for weapons, law
   enforcement sources said. A local pawn shop owner said that Holmes
   never bought any firearms there but believed he had been in the shop
   before talking about guns.

   "Since I do see a lot of people in and out of my shop, I don't remember
   all conversations that I have with everybody," Hillcrest Pawnbrokers
   owner David Casper told ABC News. "But when they started mentioning the
   firearms that he had, it sounded very much like the firearms I
   recommend to my customers... I immediately put that connection
   together."

   Police also said they believe Holmes' apartment, just five miles from
   the theater, is rigged with explosive booby-traps and are cautiously
   exploring the residence with remote-controlled cameras. Authorities
   told ABC News the place appeared to wired to explode if police had
   raced through the doors -- a plan to add even more to the night's body
   count.

   "It's another tragic event from an obviously deranged individual,"
   Aurora City Councilman Bob LeGare told ABC News. "I don't know what
   more can be said."

Witnesses Describe Deadly Rampage

   Witnesses to the shooting said that a man appeared at the front of the
   theater about 20 minutes into the movie with a rifle, handgun and gas
   mask. He then threw a canister that released some kind of gas, after
   which a hissing sound ensued, and he then opened fire on the crowd
   packed into the early-morning screening of the film. Wintesses said
   that during the shooting the man appeared to be dressed in all black
   and police later said he was wearing several pieces bullet-proof armor
   and a gas mask.

   "We were maybe 20 or 30 minutes into the movie and all you hear, first
   you smell smoke, everybody thought it was fireworks or something like
   that, and then you just see people dropping and the gunshots are
   constant," witness Christ Jones told ABC's Denver affiliate KMGH. "I
   heard at least 20 to 30 rounds within that minute or two."

   A man who talked to a couple who was inside the theater told ABC News,
   "They got up and they started to run through the emergency exit, and
   that when she turned around, she said all she saw was the guy slowly
   making his way up the stairs and just firing at people, just picking
   random people."

   "The gunshot continued to go on and on and then after we didn't hear
   anything," the couple told the man. "We finally got up and there was
   people bleeding, there was people obviously may have been actually dead
   or anything, and we just ran up out of there, there was chaos
   everywhere."

   Radio communication between police and emergency responders released by
   authorities describe a desperate situation for those first on the
   scene.

   "Get us some damn gas masks. We can't get in," one officer says after
   confronting the heavy smoke in the theater.

   "I've got a child victim," said another who was waiting outside for
   help.

   After waiting on ambulances for a few minutes, police began taking
   victims to the hospital in their own patrol cars.

   "I've got a whole bunch of people shot in here and no rescue," one of
   the officers said.

   When it was over, 12 people were dead and another 59 were wounded.

Acquaintance: Holmes Unalarming, 'Kind of Geeky'

   Jackie Mitchell, who lives a block from Holmes' apartment in Aurora,
   said he had several beers with Holmes just days before the shooting and
   Holmes did not show any angry or anti-social tendencies.

   "He seemed kind of geeky," Mitchell said. "We just talked about
   football… that kind of thing."

   When he saw today's news reports, Mitchell said, "I don't have any hair
   and my hair stood up when I saw the dude's picture."

   The FBI said approximately 100 of its agents are on the scene assisting
   with the ongoing investigation.

   ABC News' Jason Ryan, Clayton Sandell, Kevin Dolack and Collen Curry
   contributed to this report.

   Click here to return to The Blotter homepage.

   © 2019 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
   Regular Site
   |
   Privacy Policy
   |
   Interest-Based Ads
   |
   Terms of Use
   |
   Feedback
ABCNews

   Al Qaeda Magazine Calls for Firebomb Campaign in US
   By RANDY KREIDER May 2, 2012, 3:51 PM ET
     *
     *
     *
     *

   WATCH: Al Qaeda's online websites urge followers to attack in new ways.

   The men who launched al Qaeda's English-language magazine may have died
   in a U.S. missile strike last fall, but "Inspire" magazine lives on
   without them -- and continues to promote jihadi attacks on Western
   targets, offering detailed advice on how to start huge forest fires in
   America with timed explosives and how to build remote-controlled bombs.

   Two new issues of "Inspire" magazine have surfaced on jihadi forums,
   the first since radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki and chief Al Qaeda in
   the Arabian Peninsula propagandist Samir Khan were killed by missiles
   from a U.S. drone over Yemen on September 30, 2011. The magazines
   eulogize Awlaki and Khan as the "spirit" and the "tongue" of "Inspire"
   respectively, but deny that their deaths will stop the magazine or
   jihad.

   The second of the two issues seems to have been prepared after Khan and
   Awlaki's deaths. "To the disappointment of our enemies," says one of
   the articles, "issue 9 of Inspire magazine is out against all odds ...
   The Zionists and the Crusaders thought that the magazine was gone with
   the martyrdom of Shaykh Anwar and brother Samir. Yet again, they have
   failed to come to terms with the fact that the Muslim ummah is the most
   fertile and most generous mother that gives birth to thousands and
   thousands of the likes of Shaykh Anwar and brother Samir."

   The ummah is apparently not giving birth to proofreaders, however,
   since both issues are riddled with typos, including one on the cover of
   issue nine, where a headline asks whether the West or al Qaeda is
   "Wining on the Ground." Issue eight, which includes the last editorial
   note from Samir Khan, also displays a help-wanted ad, asking for
   researchers and translators, "sisters' willing to write articles," and
   "people who can preserve permanent internet links for all of the
   magazine issues." Popular jihadi web forums have recently been plagued
   by unknown cyberhackers who have taken some of the sites offline for
   weeks at a time.

   The magazines have also lost some of the snark and American
   colloquialisms favored by the U.S.-raised Samir Khan, who memorably
   titled one of his articles urging Western Muslims to wage lone wolf
   attacks "Make a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom." But issue nine
   carries equally lethal advice, with "It Is of Your Freedom to Ignite a
   Firebomb," which gives detailed instructions on how to ignite an "ember
   bomb" in a U.S. forest, recommending Montana because of the rapid
   population growth in wooded areas.

   "In America, there are more houses built in the [countryside] than in
   the cities," says the writer, who uses the pseudonym The AQ Chef. "It
   is difficult to choose a better place [than] in the valleys of
   Montana."

   Issue eight has an eight-page article on how to construct
   remote-controlled explosives, with a laundry list of parts and
   ingredients and photos showing proper assembly.

   In addition, issue eight provides tips on training with a handgun and
   issue nine provides advice on how to be an urban assassin.

   But much of the magazine is taken up by lengthy tributes to Khan and
   Awlaki, with one writer confirming that Awlaki had survived a near miss
   from one drone strike before being taken out by a second. According to
   the article, after his close call, Awlaki said, "This time 11 missiles
   missed [their] target, but the next time the first rocket may hit it."

   Follow ABCNewsBlotter on Facebook

   Follow BrianRoss on Twitter

   Awlaki's premonition "proved to be true," says the writer. "I wish I
   had been with them so I could have attained a great attainment."

   Click Here for the Blotter Homepage.

   © 2019 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
   Regular Site
   |
   Privacy Policy
   |
   Interest-Based Ads
   |
   Terms of Use
   |
   Feedback
   Close


   Close


   Sorry, this video stream is currently unavailable via 3rd party embeds.
   Please visit abcnews.com to watch this video stream.

