   (BUTTON) Menu

     * news
     * technology
     * space
     * physics
     * health
     * environment
     * mind
     * video
     * tours
     * events
     * jobs
     * SIGN UP TO THE DAILY NEWSLETTER

   ____________________
   (BUTTON)
   Subscribe and save

Animals on drugs: 11 unlikely highs

   daily-news

   25 June 2009

   By Rowan Hooper

   Whatever you do, don’t give elephants LSD

   Animals take to drugs just as readily as we do. Sometimes they avail
   themselves of natural highs, and sometimes lab animals get very fond of
   substances they are fed for research. So, sit back with your stimulant
   of choice and enjoy New Scientist‘s round-up of animals on drugs.

   1. Wallabies on opium

   The marsupials of Tasmania have found a means of passing the time on
   Australia’s island state that could also explain mysterious local crop
   circles. Wallabies have been munching the poppies grown for opium by
   the pharmaceutical industry.

Advertisement

   “We have a problem with wallabies entering poppy fields, getting as
   high as a kite and going around in circles,” the attorney general was
   quoted in The Mercury newspaper.

   Sheep and deer have also been reported as being raving opium fiends.

   2. Elephants on acid

   In 1962, the director of a zoo in Oklahoma had the bright idea of
   firing a syringe dart containing almost 300 milligrams of LSD – about
   3000 times the normal dose a hippie would take – into one of his
   elephants. Sadly, the animal went crazy, then died.

   Elephants are regularly reported going on booze-fuelled rampages in
   India, but zoologists calculating the amount the animals would have to
   drink to get rowdy have cleared them of being under the influence. The
   aggressive elephants are simply defending their territories,
   apparently.

   3. Shrews on booze

   Pen-tailed tree shrews in Malaysia gorge themselves on the flowers of
   the bertam palm, which contain fermented nectar of up to 3.8 per cent
   alcohol.

   Unlike their distant human relatives, however, tree shrews quickly
   metabolise most of the alcohol they consume into a by-product called
   ethyl glucuronide (EtG). The stuff ends up safely stashed in the
   shrews’ fur, at levels normally found only in severely alcoholic
   humans.

   4. Pets on Prozac

   In 2007, the US Food and Drug Administration licensed a drug containing
   the same serotonin-reuptake inhibitor as Prozac for use in dogs.
   Psychiatric drugs are also used in birds, though animal welfare groups
   worried that the use of such drugs to treat behavioural problems in
   animals would create a population of “pill-popping pets”.

   5. Merry Macaques

   Type “drunk” and the name of pretty much any animal into YouTube and
   you’ll be rewarded with hilarious footage of inebriated beasts. Bears,
   for example made the news in this clip.

   In this study, however, alcoholic female macaques self-administered so
   much booze that they stopped ovulating. The study was conducted in
   order to uncover why some alcoholic women stop having periods.

   6. Mice on speed

   Mice given huge doses of methamphetamine have shown that drug cravings
   persist for months after withdrawal from the drug. The rodents were
   spiked with doses of speed equivalent to those taken by addicts on a
   binge. Researchers found long-lasting changes in key communication
   pathways in the brain. Brain changes in the mice lasted for more than
   four months, equivalent to years in humans.

   7. Monkeys on marijuana

   One study suggested that monkeys “seek out” injections of THC – the
   active ingredient in cannabis – although this was criticised as
   “pseudoscience”, admittedly by pro-marijuana groups.

   8. Uninhibited fruit flies

   Drosophila flies allowed entry to an alcohol-strewn “fly pub” not only
   got drunk – they developed homosexual tendencies. Repeated doses of
   booze led male flies to start courting other males. The researchers
   claimed that the finding may reveal how alcohol loosens human sexual
   inhibitions.

   9. Caterpillars on coke

   Drug cartels in Columbia have a more than the CIA to worry about.
   Unlike most insects, the caterpillar Eloria noyesi feeds on the leaves
   of coca plants. A comparison of the dopamine receptors in the coke
   caterpillar with those of the silkworm, which doesn’t feed on cocaine
   plants, revealed that E. noyesi has evolved resistance to the effects
   of the drug.

   10. Chimps smoking

   A female chimp in a Zhengzhou zoo in Henan province, China, reportedly
   took up smoking as a result of sexual frustration. Chimps in South
   Africa have also been filmed sucking on cancer sticks.

   11. Spiders on… pretty much everything

   Depending on your point of view, arachnids are either the luckiest of
   lab animals, or the sorriest. At NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center in
   Alabama scientists dosed spiders with marijuana, the “downer” chloral
   hydrate, the “upper” Benzedrine and on caffeine. The more toxic the
   chemical, the more deformed the web, says NASA, who hope to use spiders
   in place of other lab animals.

     * Contact us
     * Help
     * About us
     * Privacy & cookies
     * Terms & conditions

     * Advertise
     * Write for us
     * Events
     * Science jobs
     * Syndication
     * RSS feeds

     * Gift subscriptions
     * Student subscriptions
     * Educational subscriptions
     * Corporate subscriptions

Get the app

FOLLOW US

   © Copyright New Scientist Ltd.
