   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS Biology

     * Browse
          + Current Issue
          + Journal Archive
          + Collections
          + Find and Read Articles
     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Other Article Types
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       PLOS Biology provides an Open Access platform to showcase your best
       research and commentary across all areas of biological science.
       Submit Now
     * About
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Widespread winners and narrow-ranged losers: Land use homogenizes
biodiversity in local assemblages worldwide

     * Tim Newbold ,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Formal analysis, Funding
       acquisition, Investigation, Methodology, Software, Supervision,
       Validation, Visualization, Writing – original draft, Writing –
       review & editing
       * E-mail: t.newbold@ucl.ac.uk
       Affiliation Centre for Biodiversity and Environment Research,
       Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment, University
       College London, London, United Kingdom
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0001-7361-0051
       ⨯
     * Lawrence N. Hudson,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Investigation, Methodology,
       Software, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation Department of Life Sciences, Natural History Museum,
       London, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * Sara Contu,
       Roles Data curation, Project administration, Writing – review &
       editing
       Affiliation Department of Life Sciences, Natural History Museum,
       London, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * Samantha L. L. Hill,
       Roles Data curation, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliations Department of Life Sciences, Natural History Museum,
       London, United Kingdom, UN Environment World Conservation
       Monitoring Centre, Cambridge, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * Jan Beck,
       Roles Conceptualization, Resources, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation University of Colorado, Museum of Natural History,
       Boulder, Colorado, United States of America
       ⨯
     * Yunhui Liu,
       Roles Data curation, Resources, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliation College of Agricultural Resources and Environmental
       Sciences, China Agricultural University, Beijing, China
       ⨯
     * Carsten Meyer,
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Resources, Writing – review
       & editing
       Affiliations German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research
       (iDiv), Leipzig, Germany, Faculty of Biosciences, Pharmacy and
       Psychology, University of Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany
       ⨯
     * Helen R. P. Phillips,
       Roles Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – review & editing
       Current address: German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity
       Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany
       Affiliations Department of Life Sciences, Natural History Museum,
       London, United Kingdom, Department of Life Sciences, Imperial
       College London, London, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * Jörn P. W. Scharlemann,
       Roles Conceptualization, Funding acquisition, Supervision, Writing
       – original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliations UN Environment World Conservation Monitoring Centre,
       Cambridge, United Kingdom, School of Life Sciences, University of
       Sussex, Brighton, United Kingdom
       ⨯
     * Andy Purvis
       Roles Conceptualization, Data curation, Funding acquisition,
       Methodology, Project administration, Supervision, Writing –
       original draft, Writing – review & editing
       Affiliations Department of Life Sciences, Natural History Museum,
       London, United Kingdom, Department of Life Sciences, Imperial
       College London, London, United Kingdom
       ⨯

Widespread winners and narrow-ranged losers: Land use homogenizes
biodiversity in local assemblages worldwide

     * Tim Newbold,
     * Lawrence N. Hudson,
     * Sara Contu,
     * Samantha L. L. Hill,
     * Jan Beck,
     * Yunhui Liu,
     * Carsten Meyer,
     * Helen R. P. Phillips,
     * Jörn P. W. Scharlemann,
     * Andy Purvis

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: December 4, 2018
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Fig 1
   Fig 2
   Fig 3
   Fig 4
   Fig 5

Abstract

   Human use of the land (for agriculture and settlements) has a
   substantial negative effect on biodiversity globally. However, not all
   species are adversely affected by land use, and indeed, some benefit
   from the creation of novel habitat. Geographically rare species may be
   more negatively affected by land use than widespread species, but data
   limitations have so far prevented global multi-clade assessments of
   land-use effects on narrow-ranged and widespread species. We analyse a
   large, global database to show consistent differences in assemblage
   composition. Compared with natural habitat, assemblages in disturbed
   habitats have more widespread species on average, especially in urban
   areas and the tropics. All else being equal, this result means that
   human land use is homogenizing assemblage composition across space.
   Disturbed habitats show both reduced abundances of narrow-ranged
   species and increased abundances of widespread species. Our results are
   very important for biodiversity conservation because narrow-ranged
   species are typically at higher risk of extinction than widespread
   species. Furthermore, the shift to more widespread species may also
   affect ecosystem functioning by reducing both the contribution of rare
   species and the diversity of species’ responses to environmental
   changes among local assemblages.

Author summary

   Previous studies have shown that human use of the land, mainly for
   agriculture and settlements, causes a detectable but relatively small
   net loss of biodiversity. However, not all species are affected
   equally, and some species even benefit from the new habitats we create.
   One group of species of particular concern for biodiversity
   conservation are those that inhabit only a small area. These
   narrow-ranged species are at higher risk of extinction because it is
   more likely that any threats to the species (including human land use)
   will affect their entire range. Such species can also play a unique
   role in the healthy functioning of ecosystems. Here, we show that the
   observed small declines in biodiversity in human-disturbed land can be
   broken down into large declines in narrow-ranged species, offset by
   increases in wide-ranged species. All else being equal, this finding
   means that ecological communities are losing their distinctive,
   narrow-ranged species and are becoming dominated by the same species
   everywhere, leading to a reduction in global biodiversity. The
   divergent effects of human land use on narrow-ranged and widespread
   species are important for the conservation of already threatened,
   narrow-ranged species and may lead to a negative effect on the
   functioning of ecosystems.

   Citation: Newbold T, Hudson LN, Contu S, Hill SLL, Beck J, Liu Y, et
   al. (2018) Widespread winners and narrow-ranged losers: Land use
   homogenizes biodiversity in local assemblages worldwide. PLoS Biol
   16(12): e2006841. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841

   Academic Editor: Hélène Morlon, Ecole Normale Superieure, France

   Received: May 31, 2018; Accepted: October 29, 2018; Published: December
   4, 2018

   Copyright: © 2018 Newbold et al. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: The underlying data are all publicly available. The
   PREDICTS database is published as DOI: 10.5519/0066354. Species’
   distributional data are available from GBIF (https://www.gbif.org/),
   the IUCN (http://www.iucnredlist.org/), or from Birdlife International
   (http://datazone.birdlife.org/home). Furthermore, the processed data
   underlying all of the results shown in the paper are freely available
   as DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732 and DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262738.

   Funding: UK Natural Environment Research Council https://nerc.ukri.org/
   (grant number NE/J011193/2; NE/M014533/1). Received by AP, JPWS and TN.
   The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis,
   decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. The Royal
   Society https://royalsociety.org/ (grant number UF150526). Received by
   TN. The funder had no role in study design, data collection and
   analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
   Volkswagen Foundation https://www.volkswagenstiftung.de/en (grant
   number Freigeist Fellowship). Received by CM. The funder had no role in
   study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or
   preparation of the manuscript. Hans Rausing PhD scholarship (grant
   number). Received by HRPP. The funder had no role in study design, data
   collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the
   manuscript.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

   Abbreviations: CV, coefficient of variation; GBIF, Global Biodiversity
   Information Facility; H, highest values in the dataset for each
   continuous effect; PREDICTS, Projecting Responses of Ecological
   Diversity In Changing Terrestrial Systems; RAR, Relative Average Range
   Size; RCAR, Relative Community Average Range Size

Introduction

   Human impacts on the biosphere are substantially reducing the global
   number of species [1,2], and many scientists argue that we have entered
   a new, human-dominated geological era, the ‘Anthropocene’ [3]. Land use
   is currently among the predominant pressures on biodiversity globally
   [4], with substantial net losses of species in land-use types dominated
   by human activities [5]. However, not all species are equally impacted,
   and many species benefit from human creation of novel habitats [6].
   This results in strong turnover in community composition between
   land-use types [5,7]. Understanding the characteristics of species that
   are most impacted by human land use is essential for guiding
   conservation actions and also for assessing the consequences of
   land-use change and biodiversity loss for the functioning of
   ecosystems.

   Geographic range size is a fundamental property of species. Crucially,
   small range size is a key determinant of species’ extinction risk
   [8–10], and therefore a disproportionate impact of human land use on
   small-ranged species would have important consequences for biodiversity
   conservation. Furthermore, rare species (including geographically
   restricted species) tend to have unique combinations of functional
   traits and are therefore likely to make an important contribution to
   ecosystem functioning [11], meaning that a disproportionate loss of
   small-ranged species would have implications beyond their immediate
   conservation interest. A few geographically and taxonomically
   restricted studies have shown that narrow-ranged species are more
   likely than wide-ranged species to be absent in human land uses
   [12–15], leading—all else being equal—to a homogenization of assemblage
   composition across space [16]. A global, multi-clade analysis for
   terrestrial ecosystems has so far been prevented by a lack of suitable
   global datasets (but see [17] for a global freshwater analysis), and
   thus the generality of this pattern remains unclear.

   We present the first global synthesis of the effect of land use on an
   abundance-weighted measure of the average range size of species in
   ecological assemblages of plants, invertebrates, and vertebrates. We
   refer to this measure as Relative Community Average Range Size (RCAR).
   Since samples of abundance are uncertain, and any patterns in measures
   of average range size that are weighted by species’ abundance could be
   driven by the few most abundant species, we also present results for a
   range-size measure unweighted by abundance, which we refer to as
   Relative Average Range Size (RAR). Range sizes were log[10]-transformed
   prior to averaging to reduce the influence on the measures of the few
   very widespread species. Increases in RCAR or RAR, which reflect an
   increased dominance of more widespread species within communities,
   would indicate that community composition is tending to become
   homogenized globally [16]. Our broad-scale synthesis enables us to
   assess geographic and taxonomic variation, as well as quantify overall
   patterns.

   Homogenization of ecological assemblages has traditionally been
   assessed as a reduction in spatial turnover (beta diversity) in
   assemblage composition [18,19]. However, this approach has limitations
   because the effects of land conversion on beta diversity are scale
   dependent [20]. For example, partial conversion of a natural landscape
   can increase beta diversity at the landscape scale while decreasing it
   globally. In contrast, measures based on the average range size of
   species within a community, such as RCAR and RAR used here, are always
   expected to increase whenever homogenization occurs.

   We combined a dataset of 1.1 million records from 445 surveys (Fig 1
   and S1 Fig) that compared the abundance of 19,334 species of
   terrestrial plants (7,111 species), invertebrates (7,048 species), and
   vertebrates (5,175 species) among different land uses [21], with
   occupancy- or extent-based estimates of all species’ range sizes using
   records from the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF;
   https://www.gbif.org) or from expert-drawn extent-of-occurrence maps
   for vertebrates only, to calculate RCAR and RAR at 13,292 sites in
   different land uses (see Materials and methods for full details).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. Locations of surveys whose data were used in the analysis, by
   major taxonomic group of study.

   Shown in the Lambert cylindrical equal area projection. Point diameters
   are proportional to the (log[e]) number of sites sampled by each
   survey, and are translucent so areas of opaque colour indicate
   overlapping points. Studies are coloured according to the taxa sampled
   within the study. The outline map is based on the World Bank map of
   river basins (https://bit.ly/2J86Kbq), which is published under a CC-BY
   4.0 license. The site-level data underlying this figure are freely
   available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.g001

   Estimates of global range size are uncertain for most terrestrial
   species [22,23], with both taxonomic and geographic patterns of
   underrecording hampering broad comparisons of absolute range-size
   estimates [22,24]. These problems are mitigated to some extent in our
   analyses because each of the individual biodiversity surveys—from which
   the abundance data were taken—sampled within relatively restricted
   taxonomic groups and geographic regions, and our hierarchically
   structured models account for differences in average range sizes
   between surveys. Therefore, our models only require good estimates of
   relative range size within the taxonomic groups and geographic regions
   of the individual studies. Nevertheless, to test the robustness of our
   results, we repeat all of our analyses for 3 different metrics of range
   size based on 2 fundamentally different underlying datasets: the
   occupancy of grid cells based on records in the GBIF database, the
   extent of land area encompassed by records in the GBIF database
   (excluding outlying records), and the total area within expert-drawn
   maps of species ranges for amphibians, mammals, and birds (see
   Materials and methods for full details). We also test the sensitivity
   of our results to variation in the resolution of the grid used to
   estimate range occupancy and extent, and to variation in the
   completeness of the underlying GBIF records.

   RCAR and RAR were modelled as a function of land-use type and land-use
   intensity, human population density, distance to the nearest road, and
   coarse landscape-scale land-use history. Land-use type and land-use
   intensity were classified based on the description of the habitat where
   assemblages were sampled, as given in the underlying papers (see S1
   Text). Responses may also be shaped by current land use in the
   surrounding landscape and by the detailed local history of land use,
   but reliable estimates of these factors were not available for the vast
   majority of sites included in our analyses. We used mixed-effects
   models to control for differences in sampling methods, sampling effort,
   average estimated range size, and climate among surveys, and for
   spatial patterns in the sampled sites within each survey. Average range
   sizes and the prevalence of different land uses are both likely to vary
   with elevation, so we also fitted elevation in the models as a fixed
   effect. In separate models, we tested whether responses differed
   geographically—as a function of the division between the tropical and
   temperate realms or as a function of climatic and topographic
   differences—and taxonomically, by comparing plants, invertebrates,
   amphibians, reptiles, mammals and birds.

   Homogenization is one explanation that can reconcile large rates of
   global extinction of species with relatively small net changes in local
   species richness [25]. In this case, we would expect responses of
   species richness and of RCAR and RAR to be more or less decoupled from
   one another. To test this, we assessed whether local (per-survey)
   responses of RCAR and RAR to land-use type were correlated with
   responses of species richness to land use in the same locations (i.e.,
   the same surveys; see Materials and methods for details).

   An increase in RCAR or RAR (and thus homogenization) could be caused by
   the loss of species with narrow geographic ranges [26,27], which tend
   also to be ecologically specialized [28], and/or by the gain of
   widespread species [26,27], which are often either species introduced
   from elsewhere [29] or ruderal, pioneer, or generalist native species
   able to exploit anthropogenic habitats [30]. To test whether either or
   both of these processes explain observed land-use effects on RCAR and
   RAR, we split the species recorded within each taxonomic Class and
   within each survey into 3 equal groups based on their range sizes. We
   then modelled both the total abundance and species richness of each of
   these groups as a function of land-use type and land-use intensity.

Results

Overall effects of land use and related pressures

   Overall, land use had a strong effect on both RCAR and RAR. Assemblages
   in all human-dominated land uses (plantation forests, croplands,
   pasture, and urban environments) have higher average RCAR than those in
   natural vegetation types (Fig 2) Even within natural vegetation, RCAR
   was higher in secondary vegetation (especially secondary vegetation in
   an early stage of recovery) than in primary vegetation (Fig 2) The
   effects of land use on RCAR were strong, significant, and very
   similar—qualitatively and quantitatively—regardless of which measure of
   range size was used. The results were also very similar whether average
   range size was weighted by abundance (RCAR) or not (RAR) (all
   likelihood ratio tests: χ^2 > 153, P < 0.001; Fig 2), showing that the
   patterns were not driven by responses of a few very abundant species.
   The consistency in the modelled effects of land use across range-size
   metrics occurred despite the underlying site-level RCAR values not
   always correlating strongly (R^2 values between 0.26 and 0.66; S2 Fig).
   The low correlations are unsurprising given that the metrics were
   chosen to reflect very different properties of species’ ranges and are
   based on completely different underlying datasets. Within land-use
   categories, RCAR increased significantly with increasing human land-use
   intensity (χ^2 > 7.0; P < 0.03), to an extent that differed among
   land-use types (interaction between land-use type and intensity: χ^2 >
   249, P < 0.001; Fig 2). Additionally, RCAR also independently increased
   significantly with human population density in 7 of the 8 models (for
   which χ^2 > 6.2; P < 0.012), although the relationships were much
   weaker (Fig 2) and differed among land-use types with strong increases
   only in cropland and pasture (interactions with land-use type: for all
   models, χ^2 > 68; P < 0.001; S3 Fig). The effects of proximity to roads
   (in all models, χ^2 < 1.4, P > 0.23) and in most cases duration of
   human use of a landscape (in 6 out of 8 models, χ^2 < 3.1, P > 0.08)
   did not affect RCAR on their own. However, both effects often
   interacted significantly with land-use type (interaction between
   land-use type and proximity to roads: in 6 out of 8 models, χ^2 > 26.6,
   P < 0.022; interaction between land-use type and duration of landscape
   use: for all models, χ^2 > 15.3, P < 0.033; S3 Fig). Specifically, a
   longer history of human domination of landscapes was associated with a
   strong increase in RCAR in urban environments but with decreased RCAR
   in cropland, plantation forest, pasture, and mature secondary
   vegetation (S3 Fig); RCAR increased with increasing proximity to roads
   in most land-use types, except young and mature secondary vegetation
   (S3 Fig). The per-survey strength of response of species richness to
   land-use type was weakly negatively correlated with the response of
   RCAR to land-use type (F[1,426] = 7.09, P = 0.008; R^2 = 0.016; S4
   Fig).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Modelled effects of human pressures on RCAR.

   Effects are shown as a percentage difference from the value in
   minimally used primary vegetation, and were taken from the best-fitting
   models among those having no interactions between explanatory variables
   (results including interactions are shown in S3 Fig). Human pressures
   considered were as follows: land-use type and intensity, proximity to
   roads, and human population density. Error bars show 95% confidence
   intervals. Land-use type was classified as: primary vegetation, mature
   secondary vegetation, intermediate secondary vegetation, young
   secondary vegetation, plantation forest, cropland, pasture, and urban.
   We considered 3 alternative approaches for estimating species’ range
   size: range occupancy based on GBIF records (opaque points in A and B),
   range extent based on GBIF records with outliers removed (translucent
   points in A and B), and, for vertebrates only, range extent based on
   expert-drawn range maps (opaque points in C and D). For comparison, we
   also show estimates based on range occupancy from GBIF records for
   vertebrates (translucent points in C and D). We considered
   community-average range sizes both weighted (RCAR; A and C) and
   unweighted (RAR; B and D) by species’ abundance. For the models of all
   taxonomic groups (A and B), each land-use class was subdivided into 3
   levels of human intensity of use—minimal, light, and intense (see S4
   Table)—as indicated by different plotting symbols (light and intense
   intensity levels were combined for the secondary-vegetation classes).
   Effects of proximity to roads, vegetation removal, and human population
   density are shown here at the lowest, median, and highest values in the
   modelled dataset. Proximity to roads as shown here is the reverse of
   the distance to nearest road measure that was fitted in the models.
   Minimally used primary vegetation furthest from a road, and at the
   lowest level of vegetation removal and human population density, was
   used as the baseline. The site-level data underlying the models shown
   here are freely available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732). GBIF,
   Global Biodiversity Information Facility; H, highest values in the
   dataset for each continuous effect; HPD, human population density; ISV,
   intermediate secondary vegetation; L, lowest values in the dataset for
   each continuous effect; M, median values in the dataset for each
   continuous effect; MSV, mature secondary vegetation; Plantation,
   plantation forest; PR, proximity to roads; Primary, primary vegetation;
   RCAR, Relative Community Average Range Size; YSV, young secondary
   vegetation.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.g002

Geographic and taxonomic variation in responses

   There was a significant difference in the responses of RCAR and RAR to
   land use between the tropical and temperate realms (χ^2 > 196, P <
   0.001). RCAR increased much more strongly in human-dominated land uses
   in the tropics than in the temperate realm (Fig 3). This result was
   qualitatively and quantitatively very similar across all range-size
   measures and for both RCAR and RAR. The tropical-temperate difference
   could be explained by the fact that increases in RCAR and RAR in human
   land uses were stronger in locations with lower climate seasonality:
   temperature seasonality in the case of RCAR (Fig 3; full statistical
   results in S1 Table) and precipitation seasonality in the case of RAR
   (Fig 3; full statistical results in S2 Table). Climate seasonality has
   previously been shown to be important in determining species’ range
   sizes [31] and responses to land-use change [7]. RCAR and RAR also
   increased more strongly in secondary vegetation in the tropics across
   all species in the dataset (Fig 3). However, for vertebrates, responses
   in secondary vegetation were more strongly positive in the temperate
   realm (Fig 3).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 3. Geographical variation in the response of RCAR to land use.

   We first tested for tropical-temperate differences in observed
   responses to disturbed land uses (A–D), and then whether responses to
   human land use vary with climatic seasonality or topographic
   heterogeneity (significant results are shown in E–F). All effects are
   shown as a percentage difference from values in primary vegetation.
   Error bars (A–D) and shading around lines (E–F) show 95% confidence
   intervals. For the analyses shown here, the land-use classification was
   coarsened to 3 classes: primary vegetation, secondary vegetation (all
   stages of recovery), and human-dominated (plantation forest, cropland,
   pasture, and urban). Land-use intensity was not considered. For the
   tropical-temperate models (A–D), as in the main models, we considered 3
   measures of range size, with community-average range size both weighted
   (RCAR; A, C, and E) and unweighted (RAR; B, D, and F) by species’
   abundance; these different combinations are plotted as in Fig 2. The
   site-level data underlying the models shown here are freely available
   (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732). CV, Coefficient of variation; RAR,
   Relative Average Range Size; RCAR, Relative Community Average Range
   Size.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.g003

   There were also significant differences in the responses of RCAR and
   RAR to land use among different taxonomic groups (χ^2 > 219; P <
   0.001). RCAR and RAR increased in human-dominated land uses most
   strongly for reptiles, plants, and mammals, and least for invertebrates
   (Fig 4). We caution that differences among taxonomic groups may partly
   reflect differences in the quality of range-size estimates (see
   Discussion).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 4. Differences among taxonomic groups in the response of RCAR to
   land use.

   Effects are shown as a percentage difference relative to primary
   vegetation. Error bars show 95% confidence intervals. For these
   analyses, the land-use classification was coarsened to 3 classes:
   primary vegetation, secondary vegetation (all stages of recovery), and
   human-dominated (plantation forest, cropland, pasture, and urban).
   Land-use intensity was not considered. Primary vegetation was used as
   the baseline. As in the main models, we considered community-average
   range size both weighted (RCAR; A and C) and unweighted (RAR; B and D)
   by species’ abundance; these different combinations are plotted as in
   Fig 2. The site-level data underlying the models shown here are freely
   available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732). RAR, Relative Average
   Range Size; RCAR, Relative Community Average Range Size.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.g004

Responses of species with different relative range sizes

   Homogenization implies that narrow-ranged species tend to decline in
   occurrence or abundance, that widespread species tend to increase, or
   both. Splitting each survey’s species into 3 equal groups based on
   their range sizes revealed that land use and related pressures cause
   both of these changes (Fig 5). Narrow-ranged species have much lower
   local abundances on average (often by 30%–50%) under nearly all
   land-use classes compared with primary vegetation, while already
   widespread species increased in abundance by a similar amount. Species
   with mid-sized ranges also tended to have lower abundances in
   nonprimary land-use classes, although not by as much as narrow-ranged
   species (Fig 5). As with the previous results, modelled patterns were
   qualitatively and quantitatively similar across all range-size metrics,
   and for both total abundance and species richness differences (Fig 5).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 5. Effects of land-use type and land-use intensity on the total
   abundance or species richness of species with different range sizes.

   Effects are shown as a percentage difference relative to minimally used
   primary vegetation. Total abundance (A, C) and richness (B, D) are
   back-transformed to their original scales. For clarity, error bars here
   show ±1 standard error. The species sampled within each taxonomic Class
   within each survey were separated into 3 equal groups by range size
   into those with the widest ranges (upward-facing triangles),
   medium-sized ranges (circles), and narrowest ranges (downward-facing
   triangles). As in the main models, we either considered species’
   abundance (i.e., modelling total abundance: A and C) or not (i.e.,
   modelling species richness: B and D); we also considered 3 different
   metrics of range size for all species or for vertebrates only, with
   these combinations plotted as in Fig 2. The site-level data underlying
   the models shown here are freely available (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262738). ISV, intermediate secondary vegetation;
   MSV, mature secondary vegetation; Plantation, plantation forest;
   Primary, primary vegetation; YSV, young secondary vegetation.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.g005

Sensitivity analyses

   In addition to being consistent across the different methods of
   calculating both RCAR and RAR, our results were also generally very
   robust in sensitivity tests, in which we used subsets of the vertebrate
   and plant data with range-size estimates restricted to taxa and regions
   with successively more complete GBIF data ([22]; see S5 and S6 Figs).
   The magnitude of land-use effects on RCAR was reduced—but still
   significant—in the most stringent subsets of the data (S5 Fig).
   However, the step at which this change occurred was associated with the
   loss of almost all tropical sites (S7 Fig), which we show above to be
   the most strongly affected by human land use. Nevertheless, if the
   large effects seen in the tropics were caused by poor estimates of
   range size, they entailed uncertainty only in the degree to which
   widespread species had higher abundance in disturbed habitats (S6 Fig);
   the reduced abundance of narrow-ranged species was consistent across
   all data subsets (S6 Fig).

   The results were also very similar when we used different spatial
   resolutions to grid the GBIF data in order to estimate range sizes (S8
   Fig). If anything, the effects of land use were stronger when we used a
   finer-resolution grid than that used for the results presented in the
   main text (S8 Fig). We tested for spatial autocorrelation in the
   residuals associated with each of the underlying surveys (as in [5]),
   finding significant spatial autocorrelation no more often than expected
   by chance (S9 Fig; one-sided equality of proportions test: χ^2 < 1.52,
   P > 0.10). Furthermore, the residuals of the model showed no pattern
   with respect to latitude (S10 Fig), despite geographic gradients in
   average range size [32].

Discussion

   In most parts of the world, human populations are growing [33],
   human-dominated land uses and secondary vegetation are increasing at
   the expense of primary vegetation [34], and the road network is being
   expanded [35]. Our models show that each of these pressures leads to an
   increase in the average range size of species within ecological
   assemblages, confirming the global—and in most cases
   taxonomic—generality of a pattern previously demonstrated by
   smaller-scale, single-clade studies [12–15], consistent with a similar
   global synthesis for freshwater fish assemblages [17]. The results have
   important implications for the conservation of species, sustainable
   land-use practices, and likely also for ecosystem functioning.

   The increases in RCAR and RAR in disturbed habitats also suggest a
   homogenization of local ecological assemblages worldwide. Previous
   detailed studies across well-studied regions have shown that human land
   use homogenizes biodiversity, increasing the similarity between
   neighbouring communities [19]. Our results imply that human land use is
   causing a similar homogenization of community composition for many
   different taxonomic groups globally. Although the surveys with the most
   negative responses of local species richness to human land use tended
   also to show the strongest increases of RCAR in human land uses (S4
   Fig), the weakness of this relationship (R^2 = 0.016) suggests that
   changes in richness and RCAR are largely decoupled. This combination of
   results is consistent with homogenization as a mechanism that
   reconciles the observed large global losses of biodiversity—as well as
   the regional and national declines in many species—with the relatively
   small average net change in local diversity [5,25]. Whereas the balance
   between species loss and species gain may depend on context,
   homogenization is occurring in all disturbed habitats.

   Our results have important implications for species conservation. In
   general, species with narrow ranges are the most likely to be
   threatened with extinction because the drivers of threat are more
   likely to affect the entire range of these species [8]. More
   specifically, narrow ranges will tend to reflect more specific climatic
   requirements and thus greater sensitivity to climate change. Given
   this, our results suggest that the same species are likely to be
   sensitive to both land use and climate change. The contrasting effects
   of land use on the abundance of narrow- and wide-ranged species
   highlights the importance of primary vegetation for species with small
   ranges [36]. Even mature secondary vegetation—whose assemblages may
   approach those in primary vegetation in terms of species richness
   [5,37], total abundance [5], and biomass [37]—has a substantially
   reduced abundance of narrow-ranged species compared with primary
   vegetation (Fig 5). Our study adds new weight to calls for larger
   investments in the study and conservation of narrow-ranged species. It
   also highlights the additional insight available from using
   biodiversity metrics that reflect assemblage composition as well as
   numbers of taxa or individuals [38,39].

   The changes in community-average range size also have implications at
   the ecosystem level. Because widespread species tend to be ecological
   generalists [28], the increases in RCAR and RAR that we show probably
   indicate functional homogenization at a global scale. Previous studies
   have suggested that narrow-ranged species may be functionally distinct,
   potentially making an important contribution to resilient ecosystem
   function [11]. The increased abundance of widespread species may also
   drive spatial synchrony among assemblages and populations within
   landscapes, increasing the risk of extreme dynamics [40].

   Increases in RCAR and RAR were strongest in the tropical realm. There
   are three possible—likely interconnected—reasons for this difference.
   First, native tropical species tend to have smaller average ranges than
   temperate species [32], increasing the contrast with wide-ranging
   newcomers. Second, tropical species—especially narrow-ranged
   species—may be more specialized, on average, than temperate species
   [41]. Third, temperate regions have experienced a longer history of
   large-scale human disturbance than most tropical regions, which has
   likely already filtered out the most sensitive species from assemblages
   and expanded the range of disturbance-tolerant species [42]. The first
   two explanations may be associated with disproportionately strong
   responses in environments with low climatic seasonality or topographic
   heterogeneity because climatically stable environments are
   characterized by species with smaller average range sizes [31] and more
   specialized species [43]. Indeed, we showed that the stronger responses
   of average community range sizes in tropical areas could be better
   explained by the lower climatic seasonality of these environments than
   by the tropical-temperate division alone (Fig 3). The disproportionate
   increases in RCAR and RAR in the tropics have important implications
   for the future conservation of biodiversity, given that most
   species—and especially narrow-ranged species—are found in the tropics
   and that most future land conversion is predicted to occur here [44].

   Responses of community-average range sizes varied strongly among
   taxonomic groups, with the largest increases in RCAR and RAR in
   human-modified land uses for reptiles, plants, and mammals, and the
   weakest for invertebrates. The reasons for these taxonomic differences
   are not clear, and we caution that they may to some extent reflect
   variation in the quality of range-size estimates. Varying quality of
   range-size estimates is especially likely to explain the weak responses
   for invertebrate species, given that invertebrate ranges are likely to
   be the most incompletely defined, and narrow-ranged invertebrates have
   been shown to be less likely to be captured in incomplete surveys [45].
   However, the particularly strong responses of reptiles highlight the
   conservation concern of a group that—among vertebrates—has already been
   shown to respond most strongly to human land use and whose species are
   likely to have their ranges most reduced by future climate change [46].
   The broadly consistent responses across most taxonomic groups,
   especially for those groups that likely have better-characterized
   ranges, provide further evidence that the overall results are not
   likely to be an artefact of poor range-size estimates.

   Such a broad-scale analysis necessarily entails many uncertainties. The
   greatest challenge here was in the estimation of range sizes. For most
   species, highly accurate range-size estimates will not be available for
   the foreseeable future. Therefore, we selected estimates of range size
   that were as different as possible in nature (e.g., occupancy versus
   extent) and in the underlying data and methodology, which resulted—by
   design—in site-level RCAR and RAR measures that were not always very
   strongly correlated (S2 Fig). Nevertheless, the modelled effects of
   land use were generally very robust to (a) using different range-size
   metrics (including expert-drawn range maps, which suffer less from the
   biases that characterize GBIF data) (Figs 2–5), (b) the choice of
   whether or not to weight by recorded species abundances (Figs 2–5), (c)
   the removal of sites where the underlying range-size estimates may be
   less reliable (S5 and S6 Figs), and (d) the use of different grid
   resolutions to estimate range sizes (S8 Fig). Improved knowledge of
   species’ ranges will in time refine estimates of RCAR and RAR.

   As with any correlative analysis, it is impossible to determine the
   mechanisms behind observed patterns with confidence. For example, the
   disproportionate sensitivity of narrow-ranged species to land use may
   reflect the fact that these species tend also to be rare in other ways,
   such as having low abundance or being habitat specialists [47]. How
   different forms of rarity interact to determine sensitivity to land use
   is an important question for future studies. Our analyses also ignore
   how responses to land-use change unfold over time, though these
   dynamics will often be important [48]. Spatial comparisons of RCAR and
   RAR among land uses do not provide a direct measure of the temporal
   homogenization of biodiversity.

   All studies based on samples of biodiversity in different land uses are
   potentially biased by differences in detection probability among
   species and among locations. We expect numerically rare species to be
   undersampled relative to abundant species, especially in the more
   closed habitats typical of natural vegetation. If anything, numerically
   rare species are likely also to have narrow ranges ([49], but see e.g.
   [50]), in which case our modelled effects of land use on RCAR will be
   conservative. We have expressed changes in RCAR and abundance relative
   to values from assemblages in minimally used primary vegetation, but
   even such ‘pristine’ assemblages will have been influenced by humans in
   many cases [51,52]; any bias caused by unrecognised past human
   influence will—by introducing widespread species into sites treated as
   pristine—have diluted rather than strengthened the effects we see.
   Another potential issue is that range sizes show biogeographical
   patterns that are unrelated to land-use differences, in particular
   tending to increase with latitude [31]. However, sites within most of
   the surveys in our dataset span a very small latitudinal range (the
   sites sampled in more than 92% of surveys ranged over less than 1° of
   latitude), and the residuals from our main model showed no latitudinal
   (or longitudinal) pattern (S10 Fig).

   Overall, our results provide strong and consistent evidence that land
   use and related pressures reduce the abundance of narrow-ranged species
   while increasing the abundance of widespread species. This will, on
   average, lead to a homogenization of terrestrial ecological assemblages
   worldwide. The disproportionate loss of narrow-ranged species in human
   land uses is of concern for biodiversity conservation and ecosystem
   functioning, given that these species tend to be at the greatest risk
   of extinction and may play unique functional roles.

Materials and methods

Assemblage composition data

   We extracted data from the Projecting Responses of Ecological Diversity
   In Changing Terrestrial Systems (PREDICTS) database [21,53] on 28 April
   2015. This database is a collation of individual studies that compared
   species presence/absence or abundance among different types of land
   use. The data used in this study consisted of a total of 1,127,401
   records of abundance (presence/absence records were excluded) that
   could be matched to a corresponding estimate of range size (see below).
   These records were taken from 368 sources—published or in-press papers,
   or unpublished datasets with published methods (a full reference list
   is given in S1 Text)—that contained data from 445 surveys, collectively
   sampling 13,292 sites (S1 Fig), spread across all but one of the
   world’s terrestrial biomes (flooded grasslands/savannas were not
   sampled), approximately in proportion to total productivity (S1 Fig).
   The dataset contained records for 19,334 species in total, with no
   strong taxonomic bias, and records for over 1% of described species in
   many major taxonomic groups (S1 Fig). Abundance records were corrected
   for any variation in sampling effort within studies (which affected 16%
   of studies) by assuming that recorded abundance increases linearly with
   effort [54]. More sophisticated methods for correcting the abundance
   estimates could not be used because most of the underlying studies did
   not make repeat visits to each site. However, for uncertainty in the
   abundance estimates to bias our results would require that recorded
   abundances were biased with respect to both range size and land use.
   This type of bias seems unlikely, and so we expect any uncertainty in
   the recorded abundances simply to add noise to the modelled
   relationships. We obtained geographic coordinates for all sites from
   the source publications or their authors.

Estimating range size

   Estimates of the global range size of species always contain
   considerable uncertainty. In this study, we estimated range size using
   3 different metrics and repeated the analyses with each metric. The
   measures used were as follows: (1) the area occupied by species based
   on records in the GBIF database—‘GBIF occupancy’ (the measure focused
   on in the main text); (2) an estimate of the extent of species’ ranges
   based on GBIF records—‘GBIF extent’; and (3) an estimate of range
   extent based on expert-drawn extent-of-occurrence maps (available only
   for vertebrate species)—‘Expert extent’. Metric 1 captures a different
   aspect of range size (occupancy) than that captured by metrics 2 and 3
   (extent). All GBIF records for plants, arthropods, vertebrates,
   molluscs, and annelids were downloaded (http://www.gbif.org) on 25 June
   2015. These raw extracts were then filtered to contain only species
   also found in the PREDICTS database.

   GBIF occupancy was estimated by summing the total area of the grid
   cells containing a record in the GBIF database. This approach will
   underestimate ranges when recording is incomplete but avoids
   overestimating ranges of species with poor range filling and is much
   less affected by incorrectly located records than extent-based
   measures. Estimates obtained in this way will vary depending upon the
   spatial resolution of the grid used. Using a finer resolution should
   better represent the range sizes of narrow-ranged species but also
   increases the influence of biases and incompleteness in GBIF records.
   To ensure the robustness of our results to the choice of grid, we
   generated estimates using equal-area grids with 3 different grid sizes:
   110 km × 110 km, 55 km × 55 km, and 11 km × 11 km. We focus in the main
   text on the results using the 110-km grid because, at finer resolution,
   the patchiness of the GBIF data is likely to create greater
   discrepancies across species.

   To estimate GBIF extent, we first defined a rectangle bounded by the
   pair of longitudes that encompassed the central 95% of GBIF records in
   a longitudinal direction as well as the pair of latitudes that
   encompassed the central 95% of GBIF records in a latitudinal direction.
   This exclusion of outlying records mitigates to some extent the effect
   of the incorrectly located records present within GBIF. The rectangle
   was defined as a grid of cells of flexible resolution. We clipped the
   gridded rectangle using a gridded land-sea mask to represent only
   terrestrial areas. The land-sea mask grid was derived from the World
   Borders dataset (www.thematicmapping.org) using the rasterize function
   in the raster package Version 2.3–12 [55] in R Version 3.1.2 [56]. The
   total range extent was then calculated as the sum of the area of all of
   the land cells within the rectangle. Grid cell area was calculated as
   above. To test the robustness of the range-extent estimates to the use
   of different grids, we used 3 spatial resolutions (as above): 110 km,
   55 km, and 11 km. We used this simple measure of range extent rather
   than more sophisticated extent measures based on, for example, minimum
   convex polygons because the latter measures would be sensitive to gaps
   and biases in the GBIF records to a much higher degree than both simple
   latitudinal and longitudinal extent and the main occupancy-based
   measure based on GBIF data. In a well-recorded arthropod group (the
   sphingid moths), range estimates based on simple latitudinal and
   longitudinal extent have been shown to correlate strongly (R^2 = 0.94)
   with those based on minimum convex polygons [57].

   Records in the GBIF database are biased geographically [22], biasing
   relative estimates of range size, and possibly also comparisons of
   average assemblage range sizes among land uses. For comparison with our
   GBIF occupancy and extent estimates, we also used expert-derived
   estimates of extent, based on expert-drawn extent-of-occurrence maps
   for amphibians [58], mammals [58], and birds [59]. Three steps were
   used to process the extent-of-occurrence maps, using the arcpy Python
   module associated with ArcMap Version 10.3 [60] (steps 1 and 2) and
   using R Version 3.1.2 [56] (step 3). First, the polygon maps were
   projected onto a Behrmann equal-area projection using the
   ‘Project_management’ function. Second, the area of each polygon within
   a species’ range map was calculated using the ‘CalculateAreas_stats’
   function. Finally, for each species, the areas for every polygon were
   summed.

   The average range size of species within assemblages was measured in
   two ways: first, as the community-weighted mean (log[10]-transformed)
   range size (the average log[10]-transformed range size of species in an
   assemblage, weighted by the species’ raw untransformed abundance within
   the assemblage), which we refer to as RCAR; and second, as the simple
   average of log[10]-transformed range size of species in an assemblage,
   unweighted by abundance, which we refer to as RAR. The second measure
   was used to test whether the observed patterns in the
   abundance-weighted metric were driven by a few very abundant species.

Sensitivity analyses

   In addition to using different measures of range size, we also tested
   the sensitivity of our main measure (GBIF-based occupancy, on a 110-km
   grid) to variation in estimated completeness of the underlying GBIF
   data. To estimate the completeness of range-size estimates for
   particular taxonomic groups across particular geographic regions, we
   took grid-based (110 km × 110 km grid) estimates of inventory
   completeness for trachaeophytes [61], amphibians, mammals, and birds
   [22]. These inventory completeness estimates indicate the percentage of
   those species estimated to be present within a grid cell—as inferred
   from overlaid extent-of-occurrence maps (vertebrates) or a co-kriged
   environment-richness model (trachaeophytes)—that are represented by
   GBIF records. The grid-based estimates for each taxonomic group were
   spatially averaged across broad biogeographical regions (combinations
   of biogeographic realm and biome). Note that, even with perfect
   sampling, the completeness estimates based on overlaid range maps are
   not always expected to reach 100% because, even at the coarse grid
   resolution used, a species’ area of occupancy will regularly be
   overestimated by its extent of occurrence [62]. Nevertheless, we
   anticipate that they will provide a reasonable, broad-scale
   approximation of the relative completeness of GBIF data.

   For each study in our dataset that focused on one of the 4 taxonomic
   groups with estimates of inventory completeness, we matched each site
   to the mean inventory completeness of all grid cells within the
   combination of biogeographical biome and realm where that site’s
   location is situated. We then constructed models, first based on sites
   with any nonzero estimate of inventory completeness, and then with
   successively reduced sets of sites with inventory completeness
   exceeding 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%, and 25% (this last value was exceeded by
   only 18% of the sites in our dataset).

   For the sensitivity analyses, the reduced dataset for trachaeophytes
   and vertebrates, and then the successive reductions in the size of the
   dataset for increasingly stringent estimates of completeness, meant
   that we had to employ a coarser land-use classification than used for
   the main results: secondary vegetation in all stages of recovery was
   combined into a single class, and all human land-use types (plantation
   forest, cropland, pasture, and urban) were aggregated.

Human pressure data

   We used 5 pressure variables related to human land use and hypothesized
   as potentially influencing the average range size of species within
   ecological assemblages: land-use type, land-use intensity, land-use
   history, human population density, and distance to the nearest road.
   Land-use type was classified into one of 8 categories: primary
   vegetation, mature secondary vegetation, intermediate secondary
   vegetation, young secondary vegetation, plantation forest, cropland,
   pasture, and urban (see S3 Table and ref. [21] for full definitions).
   Within each of these classes, each site was assigned a 3-level ordinal
   measure of intensity, depending on the extent and magnitude of human
   use of the site (S4 Table and ref. [21]). Criteria for classifying
   land-use intensity varied according to land-use type. For example,
   increased intensity in natural (primary and secondary) vegetation could
   reflect logging or bushmeat hunting, whereas increased intensity in
   agricultural sites reflected, for example, reduced crop diversity,
   increased chemical inputs, and increased livestock density (see S4
   Table for full criteria).

   Land-use history was measured as the number of years since 30% of the
   land surface within the 5-arc-minute grid cell containing the site
   became converted to human land uses (cropland, pasture, or urban). We
   used this threshold because the effects of loss of natural habitat on
   biodiversity appear to accelerate above 30% [63]. We inferred historic
   land use from the HYDE model, Version 3.1, at 5-arc-minute spatial
   resolution [64]. Therefore, the available estimates of land-use history
   were at much coarser spatial resolution than the local-scale
   classification of land-use type, which was based on habitat information
   in the papers that sampled biodiversity. Human population density, at
   30-arc-second resolution, was derived from the Global Rural-Urban
   Mapping Project Version 1 dataset [65]. Distance to the nearest road
   was calculated from the Global Roads Open Access Data Set Version 1
   [66], using the arcpy Python module for ArcMap Version 10.3 [60]: the
   roads maps was first projected onto an equal-area (Behrmann) projection
   using the ‘Project_management’ function; then, distance to nearest road
   (in metres) for each site was calculated using the ‘Near_analysis’
   function.

Statistical analysis

   We conducted all statistical analyses in R Version 3.3.2 [67]. Each
   measure of mean range size (RCAR and RAR) was modelled as a function of
   the pressure variables using linear mixed-effects models in the lme4
   package Version 1.1–14 [68]. We included random intercepts for study
   identity (to account for among-study differences in sampling methods,
   sampling effort, measure of abundance used, climatic conditions, and
   average range-size estimates) and spatial block within study (to
   account for the spatial structure of sites). It was not feasible to
   include random slopes in this analysis because of model-convergence
   issues. Fixed effects considered were each of the 5 pressure variables
   described above, the two-way interaction between land-use type and
   land-use intensity, all two-way interactions among the 3 continuous
   pressure variables (land-use history, human population density, and
   distance to nearest road), and all two-way interactions between
   land-use type and each of the continuous pressure variables. Range
   sizes might show elevational patterns, and it is likely that land use
   is nonrandom with respect to elevation in some of the surveys. To
   account for any biases caused by elevational effects, we fitted
   elevation as an additional fixed effect in the models. The variables
   describing human population density, distance to nearest road, land-use
   history, and elevation were log[e]-transformed prior to analysis. The
   best fixed-effects structure for explaining variation in
   community-weighted mean range size was obtained by backward stepwise
   model selection based on likelihood-ratio tests.

   To assess whether spatial autocorrelation might bias modelled
   estimates, we used Moran’s I tests for spatial
   autocorrelation—implemented in the ‘spdep’ package Version 0.7–4
   [69]—on the model residuals associated with each study from which data
   were obtained. By chance, we expect significant (P < 0.05) spatial
   autocorrelation in the residuals for 5% of studies. To test whether the
   observed percentage of studies with significant spatial autocorrelation
   was significantly greater than 5%, we used a one-sided test for
   equality of proportions, using the ‘prop.test’ function in R. Average
   range sizes vary geographically for reasons unrelated to land use. This
   biogeographical variation should be accounted for by the random
   intercept of study identity in our models, coupled with the fact that
   most individual studies span only a small geographic area. To check
   that this was the case, we conducted a spatial analysis of all of the
   residuals from the main model of RCAR. We tested for an effect of both
   longitude and latitude (both fitted as cubic polynomials) and their
   interaction.

   To test whether the responses of RCAR and RAR to land use varied
   geographically or taxonomically, we conducted separate analyses
   dividing sites between the tropical and temperate realms and dividing
   species into major taxonomic groups. Tropical sites were defined as
   those falling between the tropics of Cancer and Capricorn (23.5°N and
   23.5°S, respectively), with all other sites considered ‘temperate’ (21
   sites fell north of the Arctic Circle at 66.5°N). Taxonomic groups were
   defined as follows: ‘plants’ for all species in the Kingdom Plantae,
   ‘invertebrates’ for all annelids, arthropods, and molluscs; and
   separate divisions for each of the vertebrate Classes, which have more
   complete range-size estimates (‘amphibians’, ‘birds’, ‘mammals’, and
   ‘reptiles’).

   Any tropical-temperate differences in responses of RCAR and RAR to land
   use may reflect differences in average climatic variability and
   topographic heterogeneity between tropical and temperate sites. A
   previous study using the PREDICTS data showed that turnover in species
   composition between natural and human land uses is stronger in areas
   with lower climatic seasonality [7], and other studies have shown that
   climatic seasonality and topographic heterogeneity are important in
   determining the range sizes of species [31]. Therefore, we tested
   whether the strength of the responses of RCAR and RAR to human land use
   are determined by climatic seasonality and topographic heterogeneity.
   To do so, we first estimated response strength by fitting mixed-effects
   models of RCAR and RAR as a function of land-use type, where land-use
   type was divided simply into natural (primary and secondary vegetation)
   or human-dominated (plantations, cropland, pasture, and urban sites).
   As in the main models (see above), we fitted study identity as a random
   intercept, but in this case also with a random slope of land-use type
   nested within study identity. These random slopes for human land use
   were used as the estimate of response strength and were modelled (using
   simple multiple regression) as a function of the same variables
   considered in [7]: temperature and precipitation seasonality, derived
   from WorldClim Version 1.4 [70]; and topographic heterogeneity as the
   topographic ruggedness index [71], using elevation data from WorldClim
   Version 1.4 [70]. Both linear and quadratic terms were considered for
   each of these continuous variables. The simple classification of sites
   as tropical or temperate was also considered in this analysis but was
   found to be nonsignificant alongside the more refined variables for
   both RCAR and RAR (see Results).

   To test whether any changes in the average range size of ecological
   communities (RCAR and RAR) were driven by increases in the abundance of
   wide-ranging species or by decreases in the abundance of narrow-ranged
   species (or both), we divided the sampled species within each
   underlying study—and within taxonomic Classes where studies sampled
   more than one Class—into 3 equally sized groups based on their range
   sizes. We then constructed separate generalized linear mixed-effects
   models of the total (log[e]-transformed) sampled abundance (with a
   Gaussian error distribution) or species richness (with a Poisson error
   distribution) of each of these 3 groups as a function of land-use type
   and land-use intensity. As with the models of RCAR, random intercepts
   of study identity and spatial block within study were included. We used
   within-study and within-Class divisions of range size to control, to
   some extent, for geographic and taxonomic variation in the quality of
   range-size estimates, and also because the distribution of actual range
   sizes will vary geographically and taxonomically, and we were
   interested in whether relatively more widespread species in a given
   locality respond more positively than more narrow-ranged related
   species. Only 10% of species in the analysis appear in different
   range-size categories across studies, and the results were very robust
   to the exclusion of these species (results not shown).

   Spatial homogenization of biodiversity, which will manifest in our
   models as an increase in the average range size of species within
   ecological communities, is one possible explanation that reconciles the
   large observed declines in global biodiversity despite relatively small
   (or even no) changes in local species richness [5,25]. If this were the
   case, we would expect species richness changes and changes in average
   range size not to be strongly coupled. To test this, we fitted a model
   with only land-use type as a fixed effect, using a coarser
   classification of land-use type into natural (primary and secondary
   vegetation) or human (plantation forests, croplands, pastures, and
   urban habitats). We fitted in this model a random slope of land-use
   type nested within study identity to obtain an estimate of how strongly
   average range size responds to human land use. We also fitted a
   separate model with the same structure but with species richness as a
   response variable. We then correlated, across studies, the strength of
   the response of RCAR in human land uses with the strength of the
   response of species richness.

Supporting information

S1 Fig. Locations of surveys, and taxonomic and geographic representativeness
of the data.

   The location of each survey whose data were included in the analysis
   (A), shown in the Lambert cylindrical equal area projection. Point
   diameters are proportional to the (log[e]) number of sites sampled by
   each survey and are translucent so areas of opaque color indicate
   overlapping points. The outline map is based on the World Bank map of
   river basins (https://bit.ly/2J86Kbq), which is published under a CC-BY
   4.0 license. The total number of species in the analysed dataset in
   major taxonomic groups (B), in relation to estimated numbers of
   described species in the same groups (422). The distribution of sites
   among terrestrial biomes in relation to the distribution of total
   terrestrial Net Primary Production (C). The grey line in panel C shows
   the 1:1 relationship. Letters in this plot indicate the biomes as
   follows: A, tundra; B, boreal forests and taiga; C, temperate conifer
   forests; D, temperate broadleaf and mixed forests; E, montane
   grasslands and shrublands; F, temperate grasslands, savannahs, and
   shrublands; G, Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub; H, deserts
   and xeric shrublands; J, tropical and subtropical grasslands,
   savannahs, and shrublands; K, tropical and subtropical coniferous
   forests; M, tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forests; N, tropical
   and subtropical moist broadleaf forests; P, mangroves. The site-level
   data underlying this figure are freely available (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s001

   (TIF)

S2 Fig. Correspondence between estimates of RCAR based on different estimates
of species’ range size.

   Estimates of range occupancy derived from records in the GBIF database
   were gridded at spatial resolutions of 110 km × 110 km, 55 km × 55 km,
   and 11 km × 11 km (A–C). A measure of range extent (a conceptually
   different measure of range size compared with the occupancy measure
   featured in the main text) was also calculated using GBIF records
   gridded at the same spatial resolutions (D–F). Finally, we extracted
   range-size estimates from expert-drawn extent-of-occurrence maps for
   birds, mammals, and amphibians (G–I), the groups whose ranges are best
   known. The red lines show 1:1 relationships.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s002

   (TIF)

S3 Fig. Effects of proximity to roads, human population density, and length
of landscape use by humans on RCAR.

   Separate effects are shown for each land use because interaction terms
   were significant (all P < 0.05). For clarity, shading shows ±0.5 ×
   standard error rather than the 95% confidence interval. Distance to the
   nearest road is shown here as the raw values rather than the inverse
   ‘proximity to road’ shown in Fig 1 The site-level data underlying the
   models shown here are freely available (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s003

   (TIF)

S4 Fig. Comparison of the effects of human land use on RCAR and on species
richness, for individual underlying studies.

   Separate models were fitted for species richness and RCAR as a function
   of land use. For these models, land use was classified coarsely as
   either natural (primary or secondary vegetation) or human (plantation
   forests, croplands, pastures, and urban environments). A random slope
   of land use nested within study identity was fitted for each model. The
   random slope coefficients for human land use were extracted as an
   estimate of the relative strength of effect of human land use on
   species richness and RCAR within each individual study. The
   relationship between the estimates for species richness and RCAR are
   shown here (black points). A linear model was fitted to test the
   correspondence, showing a significant but weak negative relationship
   (R^2 = 0.014; P = 0.008; solid red line = mean fitted relationship;
   dashed red lines = 95% confidence intervals). The site-level data
   underlying the models shown here are freely available (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s004

   (TIF)

S5 Fig. Sensitivity of the estimated effect of land use on RCAR to variation
in quality of underlying range-size estimates.

   Because sample size was much reduced in the most stringent subsets of
   the data, land use in these models was classified more coarsely than in
   the main models into primary vegetation, secondary vegetation, and
   human land uses (combining plantation forests, croplands, pastures, and
   urban environments). Open triangles show the results based on the
   complete dataset. Solid triangles of increasing size show results from
   increasingly stringent subsets of the data, with increasing data
   quality. Data quality reflected variation in the quality of species’
   range-size estimates, and was measured as the estimated inventory
   completeness of GBIF records for each of 4 taxonomic groups
   (trachaeophytes, amphibians, mammals, and birds) across different
   biogeographic regions (combinations of biogeographic realm and biome).
   Note that inventory completeness is not expected to reach 100% (see
   Materials and methods, above). Inventory completeness exceeded 25% for
   only 18% of sites in our dataset. Error bars show 95% confidence
   intervals. The site-level data underlying the models shown here are
   freely available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s005

   (TIF)

S6 Fig. Sensitivity of the estimated effect of land use on the abundance of
widely and narrowly distributed species to variation in quality of underlying
range-size estimates.

   Because sample size was much reduced in the most stringent subsets of
   the data, land use in these models was classified more coarsely than in
   the main models, into primary vegetation, secondary vegetation, and
   human land uses (combining plantation forests, croplands, pastures, and
   urban environments). Open triangles show the results based on the
   complete dataset. Solid triangles of increasing size show results from
   increasingly stringent subsets of the data, with increasing data
   quality. Data quality reflected variation in the quality of species’
   range-size estimates, and was measured as the estimated inventory
   completeness of GBIF records for each of 4 taxonomic groups
   (trachaeophytes, amphibians, mammals, and birds) across different
   biogeographic regions (combinations of biogeographic realm and biome).
   Note that inventory completeness is not expected to reach 100% (see
   Materials and methods, above). Inventory completeness exceeded 25% for
   only 18% of sites in our dataset. Error bars show 95% confidence
   intervals. The site-level data underlying the models shown here are
   freely available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262738).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s006

   (TIF)

S7 Fig. Locations of sites for subsets of the data of increasing stringency
in terms of the quality of underlying range-size estimates.

   Data quality reflected variation in the quality of species’ range-size
   estimates and was measured as the estimated inventory completeness of
   GBIF records for each of 4 taxonomic groups (trachaeophytes,
   amphibians, mammals, and birds) across different biogeographic regions
   (combinations of biogeographic realm and biome). Note that inventory
   completeness is not expected to reach 100% (see Materials and methods,
   above). Inventory completeness exceeded 25% for only 18% of sites in
   our dataset. The outline maps are based on the World Bank map of river
   basins (https://bit.ly/2J86Kbq), which is published under a CC-BY 4.0
   license. The site-level data underlying the models shown here are
   freely available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s007

   (TIF)

S8 Fig. Effects of land use on RCAR, estimated based on GBIF-based measures
of range size gridded at different resolutions.

   Effects of land use and land-use intensity using RCAR based on range
   occupancy using GBIF records, gridded at a spatial resolution of 110 km
   × 110 km (A), 55 km × 55 km (B), and 11 km × 11 km (C). Based on range
   extent using GBIF records at 110 km × 110 km (D), 55 km × 55 km (E),
   and 11 km × 11 km (F) resolution. Error bars show 95% confidence
   intervals. Land use was classified into primary vegetation, mature
   secondary vegetation, intermediate secondary vegetation, young
   secondary vegetation, plantation forest, cropland, pasture, and urban.
   Each land-use class was subdivided into 3 levels of human intensity of
   use—minimal, light, and intense. The plots show the interaction between
   land use and land-use intensity, with increasing intensity shown toward
   the right-hand side for each land use. The site-level data underlying
   the models shown here are freely available (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732). ISV, intermediate secondary vegetation;
   MSV, mature secondary vegetation; Plantation, plantation forest;
   Primary, primary vegetation; YSV, young secondary vegetation.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s008

   (TIF)

S9 Fig. Spatial autocorrelation in the model residuals.

   A Moran’s I test was applied to the residuals from the final models,
   dividing the residuals into the individual underlying surveys. The
   distribution of P values across the tests for each of the surveys is
   shown here, for measures of RCAR and RAR based on different underlying
   estimates of range size—range occupancy based on GBIF records (A and
   B), range extent based on GBIF records (C and D), range occupancy based
   on GBIF records for vertebrates (E and F), and range extent based on
   expert-drawn range maps for vertebrates (G and H); and for measures of
   average range size both weighted (i.e., RCAR; A, C, E, and G) and
   unweighted (i.e., RAR; B, D, F, and H) by species’ recorded abundances.
   The red line shows P = 0.05. The site-level data underlying the models
   shown here are freely available (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s009

   (TIF)

S10 Fig. Spatial patterns in the residuals of the final model of RCAR as a
function of human pressures.

   A map of each site included in the final model, where point colours
   represent the value of the model residuals for each site (blue = low;
   red = high), showing no discernible spatial pattern (A). The outline
   map is based on the World Bank map of river basins
   (https://bit.ly/2J86Kbq), which is published under a CC-BY 4.0 license.
   Model residuals for each site as a function of latitude (B). There was
   no significant relationship between the value of the model residual for
   a site and either longitude, latitude, or their interaction. The
   site-level data underlying the models shown here are freely available
   (DOI: 10.6084/m9.figshare.7262732).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s010

   (TIF)

S1 Table. Statistics explaining geographical variation in the strength of the
response of RCAR to human land use.

   Linear models were used to explain the strength of the response of RCAR
   as a function of variables hypothesized to drive observed
   tropical-temperate differences. Variables considered were geographic
   zone (tropical versus temperate) itself, and 3 more refined measures of
   climatic or topographic variability: temperature seasonality,
   precipitation seasonality, and the topographic ruggedness index. Both
   linear and quadratic terms were considered for all of the continuous
   variables (i.e., all variables except geographic zone). Quadratic terms
   are denoted in this table by a superscript 2. The final model was
   obtained by backward stepwise model selection, with the significance of
   terms assessed using analysis of variance. PS, precipitation
   seasonality; TRI, topographic ruggedness index; TS, temperature
   seasonality.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s011

   (DOCX)

S2 Table. Statistics explaining geographical variation in the strength of the
response of RAR to human land use.

   Linear models were used to explain the strength of the response of RAR
   as a function of variables hypothesized to drive observed
   tropical-temperate differences. Variables considered were geographic
   zone (tropical versus temperate) itself, and 3 more refined measures of
   climatic or topographic variability: temperature seasonality,
   precipitation seasonality, and the topographic ruggedness index. Both
   linear and quadratic terms were considered for all of the continuous
   variables (i.e., all variables except geographic zone). Quadratic terms
   are denoted in this table by a superscript 2. The final model was
   obtained by backward stepwise model selection, with the significance of
   terms assessed using analysis of variance. PS, precipitation
   seasonality; TRI, topographic ruggedness index; TS, temperature
   seasonality.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s012

   (DOCX)

S3 Table. Definitions of the major land-use classes.

   Each site was classified into one of these classes based on the
   description of the habitat where the biodiversity sample was taken, as
   given in the underlying papers from which the biodiversity data were
   obtained (see S1 Text).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s013

   (DOCX)

S4 Table. Criteria used to classify land use and land-use intensity.

   The classification was made based on the description of the habitat
   given in the underlying papers from which the data were obtained (see
   S1 Text).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s014

   (DOCX)

S1 Text. List of all references for underlying community data.

   These references are a subset of those in the PREDICTS database [21].

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2006841.s015

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   This is a contribution from the Imperial College Grand Challenges in
   Ecosystems and the Environment Initiative. We thank Tim Robertson and
   Rebecca A. Senior for assistance in generating the range-size
   estimates; Adriana De Palma, Luca Börger and Claudia L. Gray for
   contributions to discussion about this work; all of the students who
   helped collate the data used in these analyses; the many field
   researchers who shared their data with us; and Ian Kitching for
   valuable comments on an early draft of the manuscript. This study is
   part of the PREDICTS Project, which is endorsed by GEO-BON. The
   biodiversity data underlying this study are publicly available at
   http://dx.doi.org/10.5519/0066354.

References

    1. 1. Barnosky AD, Matzke N, Tomiya S, Wogan GOU, Swartz B, Quental
       TB, et al. Has the Earth’s sixth mass extinction already arrived?
       Nature. 2011;471:51–57. pmid:21368823
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Ceballos G, Ehrlich PR, Barnosky AD, García A, Pringle RM,
       Palmer TM. Accelerated modern human—induced species losses:
       Entering the sixth mass extinction. Sci Adv. 2015;1:e1400253.
       pmid:26601195
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Crutzen PJ. Geology of mankind. Nature. 2002;415:23.
       pmid:11780095
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Maxwell SL, Fuller RA, Brooks TM, Watson JEM. Biodiversity: the
       ravages of guns, nets and bulldozers. Nature. 2016;536:143–145.
       pmid:27510207
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Newbold T, Hudson LN, Hill SLL, Contu S, Lysenko I, Senior RA,
       et al. Global effects of land use on local terrestrial
       biodiversity. Nature. 2015;520: 45–50. pmid:25832402
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Thomas CD. Local diversity stays about the same, regional
       diversity increases, and global diversity declines. Proc Natl Acad
       Sci U S A. 2013;110:19187–8. pmid:24248347
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Newbold T, Hudson LN, Hill SLL, Contu S, Gray CL, Scharlemann
       JPW, et al. Global patterns of terrestrial assemblage turnover
       within and among land uses. Ecography. 2016;39:1151–1163.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Collen B, Dulvy NK, Gaston KJ, Gärdenfors U, Keith DA, Punt AE,
       et al. Clarifying misconceptions of extinction risk assessment with
       the IUCN Red List. Biol Lett. 2016;12:20150843. pmid:27072401
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Purvis A, Gittleman JL, Cowlishaw G, Mace GM. Predicting
       extinction risk in declining species. Proc R Soc Lond B Biol Sci.
       2000;267:1947–1952. pmid:11075706
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Ripple WJ, Wolf C, Newsome TM, Hoffmann M, Wirsing AJ, McCauley
       DJ. Extinction risk is most acute for the world’s largest and
       smallest vertebrates. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A.
       2017;114:10678‒10683 pmid:28923917
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Mouillot D, Bellwood DR, Baraloto C, Chave J, Galzin R,
       Harmelin-Vivien M, et al. Rare species support vulnerable functions
       in high-diversity ecosystems. PLoS Biol. 2013;11:e1001569.
       pmid:23723735
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Kitahara M, Sei K. A comparison of the diversity and structure
       of butterfly communities in semi-natural and human-modified
       grassland habitats at the foot of Mt. Fuji, central Japan.
       Biodivers Conserv. 2001;10:331–351.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Thomas CD. Habitat use and geographic ranges of butterflies
       from the wet lowlands of Costa Rica. Biol Conserv. 1991;55:269–281.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Spitzer K, Novotný V, Tonner M, Leps J. Habitat preferences,
       distribution and seasonality of the butterflies (Lepidoptera,
       Papilionoidea) in a montane tropical rain forest, Vietnam. J
       Biogeogr. 1993;20:109–121.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Horner-Devine MC, Daily GC, Ehrlich PR, Boggs CL. Countryside
       biogeography of tropical butterflies. Conserv Biol.
       2003;17:168–177.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. McKinney ML, Lockwood JL. Biotic homogenization: a few winners
       replacing many losers in the next mass extinction. Trends Ecol
       Evol. 1999;14:450–453. pmid:10511724
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Toussaint A, Beauchard O, Oberdorff T, Brosse S, Villéger S.
       Worldwide freshwater fish homogenization is driven by a few
       widespread non-native species. Biol Invasions. 2016;18:1295–1304.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Baiser B, Olden JD, Record S, Lockwood JL, McKinney ML. Pattern
       and process of biotic homogenization in the New Pangaea. Proc R Soc
       Lond B Biol Sci. 2012;279:4772–4777. pmid:23055062
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Gossner MM, Lewinsohn TM, Kahl T, Grassein F, Boch S, Prati D,
       et al. Land-use intensification causes multitrophic homogenization
       of grassland communities. Nature. 2016;540:266–269. pmid:27919075
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Barton PS, Cunningham SA, Manning AD, Gibb H, Lindenmayer DB,
       Didham RK. The spatial scaling of beta diversity. Glob Ecol
       Biogeogr. 2013;22:639–647.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Hudson LN, Newbold T, Contu S, Hill SLL, Lysenko I, De Palma A,
       et al. The database of the PREDICTS (Projecting Responses of
       Ecological Diversity In Changing Terrestrial Systems) project. Ecol
       Evol. 2017;7:145–188. pmid:28070282
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Meyer C, Kreft H, Guralnick R, Jetz W. Global priorities for an
       effective information basis of biodiversity distributions. Nat
       Commun. 2015;6:8221. pmid:26348291
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Herkt KMB, Skidmore AK, Fahr J. Macroecological conclusions
       based on IUCN expert maps: a call for caution. Glob Ecol Biogeogr.
       2017;26:930–941.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Hortal J, de Bello F, Diniz-Filho JAF, Lewinsohn TM, Lobo JM,
       Ladle RJ. Seven shortfalls that beset large-scale knowledge of
       biodiversity. Annu Rev Ecol Evol Syst. 2015;46:523–549.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. McGill BJ, Dornelas M, Gotelli NJ, Magurran AE. Fifteen forms
       of biodiversity trend in the Anthropocene. Trends Ecol Evol.
       2015;30:104–113. pmid:25542312
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   26. 26. Cleary DFR, Mooers AO. Burning and logging differentially
       affect endemic vs. widely distributed butterfly species in Borneo.
       Divers Distrib. 2006;12:409–416.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Phalan B, Onial M, Balmford A, Green RE. Reconciling food
       production and biodiversity conservation: land sharing and land
       sparing compared. Science. 2011;333:1289–1291. pmid:21885781
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. Slatyer RA, Hirst M, Sexton JP. Niche breadth predicts
       geographical range size: a general ecological pattern. Ecol Lett.
       2013;16:1104–1114. pmid:23773417
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. van Kleunen M, Dawson W, Essl F, Pergl J, Winter M, Weber E, et
       al. Global exchange and accumulation of non-native plants. Nature.
       2015;525:100–103. pmid:26287466
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Tabarelli M, Peres CA, Melo FPL. The “few winners and many
       losers” paradigm revisited: emerging prospects for tropical forest
       biodiversity. Biol Conserv. 2012;155:136–140.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Morueta-Holme N, Enquist BJ, McGill BJ, Boyle B, Jørgensen PM,
       Ott JE, et al. Habitat area and climate stability determine
       geographical variation in plant species range sizes. Ecol Lett.
       2013;16:1446–1454. pmid:24119177
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Stevens GC. The latitudinal gradient in geographic range: how
       so many species coexist in the tropics. Am Nat. 1989;133:240‒256.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. Cohen JE. Human population: the next half century. Science.
       2003;302:1172–1175. pmid:14615528
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Ellis EC. Anthropogenic transformation of the terrestrial
       biosphere. Philos Trans A Math Phys Eng Sci. 2011;369:1010–1035.
       pmid:21282158
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Laurance WF, Clements GR, Sloan S, O’Connell CS, Mueller ND,
       Goosem M, et al. A global strategy for road building. Nature.
       2014;513:229–232. pmid:25162528
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Gibson L, Lee TM, Koh LP, Brook BW, Gardner TA, Barlow J, et
       al. Primary forests are irreplaceable for sustaining tropical
       biodiversity. Nature. 2011;478:378–381. pmid:21918513
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Martin PA, Newton AC, Bullock JM. Carbon pools recover more
       quickly than plant biodiversity in tropical secondary forests. Proc
       R Soc Lond B Biol Sci. 2013;280:20132236.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Hillebrand H, Blasius B, Borer ET, Chase JM, Downing JA,
       Eriksson BK, et al. Biodiversity change is uncoupled from species
       richness trends: consequences for conservation and monitoring. J
       Appl Ecol. 2018;55:169–184.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Purvis A, Newbold T, De Palma A, Contu S, Hill SLL,
       Sanchez-Ortiz K, et al. Modelling and projecting the response of
       local terrestrial biodiversity worldwide to land use and related
       pressures: the PREDICTS project. Adv Ecol Res. 2018;58:201–241.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Blüthgen N, Simons NK, Jung K, Prati D, Renner SC, Boch S, et
       al. Land use imperils plant and animal community stability through
       changes in asynchrony rather than diversity. Nat Commun.
       2016;7:10697. pmid:26869180
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Forister ML, Novotny V, Panorska AK, Baje L, Basset Y,
       Butterill PT, et al. The global distribution of diet breadth in
       insect herbivores. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2015;112:442–447.
       pmid:25548168
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Balmford A. Extinction filters and current resilience: the
       significance of past selection pressures for conservation biology.
       Trends Ecol Evol. 1996;11:193–196. pmid:21237807
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Janzen DH. Why Mountain Passes are Higher in the Tropics. Am
       Nat. 1967;101:233–249.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. van Vuuren DP, Edmonds J, Kainuma M, Riahi K, Thomson A,
       Hibbard K, et al. The representative concentration pathways: an
       overview. Clim Change. 2011;109:5–31.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   45. 45. Beck J, Takano H, Ballesteros-Mejia L, Kitching IJ, McCain CM.
       Field sampling is biased against small-ranged species of high
       conservation value: a case study on the sphingid moths of East
       Africa. Biodivers Conserv. in press;
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   46. 46. Newbold T. Future effects of climate and land-use change on
       terrestrial vertebrate community diversity under different
       scenarios. Proc R Soc Lond B Biol Sci. 2018;285:20180792.
       pmid:29925617
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   47. 47. Gaston KJ, Blackburn TM, Lawton JH. Interspecific
       abundance-range size relationships: an appraisal of mechanisms. J
       Anim Ecol. 1997;66:579–601.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   48. 48. Socolar JB, Gilroy JJ, Kunin WE, Edwards DP. How should
       beta-diversity inform biodiversity conservation? Trends Ecol Evol.
       2015;31:67–80. pmid:26701706
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   49. 49. Brown JH. On the relationship between abundance and
       distribution of species. Am Nat. 1984;124:255–279.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   50. 50. Novosolov M, Rodda GH, North AC, Butchart SHM, Tallowin OJS,
       Gainsbury AM, et al. Population density-range size relationship
       revisited. Glob Ecol Biogeogr. 2017;26:1088–1097.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   51. 51. Lyons SK, Amatangelo KL, Behrensmeyer AK, Bercovici A, Blois
       JL, Davis M, et al. Holocene shifts in the assembly of plant and
       animal communities implicate human impacts. Nature. 2016;529:80–83.
       pmid:26675730
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   52. 52. van Zonneveld M, Larranaga N, Blonder B, Coradin L, Hormaza JI,
       Hunter D. Human diets drive range expansion of megafauna-dispersed
       fruit species. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2018;115:3326–3331.
       pmid:29531027
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   53. 53. Hudson LN, Newbold T, Contu S, Hill SLL, Lysenko I, De Palma A,
       et al. Dataset: The 2016 release of the PREDICTS database. 2016.
       10.5519/0066354
   54. 54. Newbold T, Hudson LN, Phillips HRP, Hill SLL, Contu S, Lysenko
       I, et al. A global model of the response of tropical and
       sub-tropical forest biodiversity to anthropogenic pressures. Proc R
       Soc Lond B Biol Sci. 2014;281:20141371.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   55. 55. Hijmans RJ. raster: Geographic data analysis and modeling.
       2014. http://cran.r-project.org/package=raster
   56. 56. R Core Team. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical
       Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing; 2014.
       http://www.r-project.org/
   57. 57. Beck J, Kitching IJ, Linsenmair KE. Measuring range sizes of
       South-East Asian hawkmoths (Lepidoptera: Sphingidae): effects of
       scale, resolution and phylogeny. Glob Ecol Biogeogr.
       2006;15:339–348.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   58. 58. IUCN. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Version 2013.7.
       2013. http://www.iucnredlist.org. [cited 12 Nov 2018].
   59. 59. Birdlife International, NatureServe. Bird species distribution
       maps of the world. Version 2.0. 2012.
       http://www.birdlife.org/datazone/info/spcdownload. [cited 12 Nov
       2018].
   60. 60. ESRI. ArcGIS Desktop: Version 10.3. Environmental Systems
       Research Institute; 2015.
   61. 61. Meyer C, Weigelt P, Kreft H. Multidimensional biases, gaps and
       uncertainties in global plant occurrence information. Ecol Lett.
       2016;19:992–1006. pmid:27250865
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   62. 62. Hurlbert AH, Jetz W. Species richness, hotspots, and the scale
       dependence of range maps in ecology and conservation. Proc Natl
       Acad Sci U S A. 2007;104:13384–9. pmid:17686977
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   63. 63. Andrén H. Effects of habitat fragmentation on birds and mammals
       in landscapes with different proportions of suitable habitat: a
       review. Oikos. 1994;71:355–366.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   64. 64. Klein Goldewijk K, Beusen A, Van Drecht G, De Vos M. The HYDE
       3.1 spatially explicit database of human-induced global land-use
       change over the past 12,000 years. Glob Ecol Biogeogr.
       2011;20:73–86.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   65. 65. Center for International Earth Science Information Network
       (CIESIN) Columbia University, International Food Policy Research
       Institute (IFPRI), The World Bank, Centro Internacional de
       Agricultura Tropical (CIAT). Global Rural-Urban Mapping Project,
       Version 1 (GRUMPv1): Population Density Grid. NASA Socioeconomic
       Data and Applications Center (SEDAC); 2011.
       http://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/dataset/grump-v1-population-d
       ensity
   66. 66. Center for International Earth Science Information Network
       (CIESIN) Columbia University, Information Technology Outreach
       Services (ITOS) University of Georgia. Global Roads Open Access
       Data Set, Version 1 (gROADSv1). NASA Socioeconomic Data and
       Applications Center (SEDAC); 2013.
       http://dx.doi.org/10.7927/H4VD6WCT
   67. 67. R Core Team. R: A Language and Environment for Statistical
       Computing. R Foundation for Statistical Computing; 2016.
       https://www.r-project.org/
   68. 68. Bates D, Mächler M, Bolker B, Walker S. Fitting linear
       mixed-effects models using {lme4}. J Stat Softw. 2015;67:1–48.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   69. 69. Bivand R, Hauke J, Kossowski T. Computing the Jacobian in
       Gaussian spatial autoregressive models: an illustrated comparison
       of available methods. Geogr Anal. 2013;45:150–179.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   70. 70. Hijmans RJ, Cameron SE, Parra JL, Jones PG, Jarvis A. Very high
       resolution interpolated climate surfaces for global land areas. Int
       J Climatol. 2005;25:1965–1978.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   71. 71. Wilson MFJ, O’Connell B, Brown C, Guinan JC, Grehan AJ.
       Multiscale terrain analysis of multibeam bathymetry data for
       habitat mapping on the continental slope. Mar Geod. 2007;30:3–35.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Land use
       Is the Subject Area "Land use" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Biodiversity
       Is the Subject Area "Biodiversity" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Taxonomy
       Is the Subject Area "Taxonomy" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Species diversity
       Is the Subject Area "Species diversity" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Biogeography
       Is the Subject Area "Biogeography" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Forests
       Is the Subject Area "Forests" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Vertebrates
       Is the Subject Area "Vertebrates" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Conservation science
       Is the Subject Area "Conservation science" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   Advertisement

     * plos.org
     * create account
     * sign in

PLOS ONE

     * Publish
          + Submissions
               o Getting Started
               o Submission Guidelines
               o Figures
               o Tables
               o Supporting Information
               o LaTeX
               o Preprints
               o Revising Your Manuscript
               o Submit Now
               o Calls for Papers
          + Policies
               o Best Practices in Research Reporting
               o Human Subjects Research
               o Animal Research
               o Competing Interests
               o Disclosure of Funding Sources
               o Licenses and Copyright
               o Data Availability
               o Materials and Software Sharing
               o Ethical Publishing Practice
               o Authorship
               o Downloads and Translations
          + Manuscript Review and Publication
               o Criteria for Publication
               o Editorial and Peer Review Process
               o Editor Center
               o Guidelines for Reviewers
               o Accepted Manuscripts
               o Corrections and Retractions
               o Comments
               o Article-Level Metrics

Submit Your Manuscript
       Discover a faster, simpler path to publishing in a high-quality
       journal. PLOS ONE promises fair, rigorous peer review, broad scope,
       and wide readership – a perfect fit for your research every time.
       Learn More Submit Now
     * About
          + Why Publish with PLOS ONE
          + Journal Information
          + Staff Editors
          + Editorial Board
          + Section Editors
          + Advisory Groups
          + Find and Read Articles
          + Publishing Information
          + Publication Fees
          + Press and Media
          + Contact
     * Browse
     *

       Search

       Search
       ____________________ (BUTTON)

       advanced search

   Browse Subject Areas
   ?

   Click through the PLOS taxonomy to find articles in your field.

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.

     * Loading metrics

   Open Access

   Peer-reviewed

   Research Article

Critical Decline of the Eastern Caribbean Sperm Whale Population

     * Shane Gero ,
       * E-mail: shane.gero@bios.au.dk
       Affiliation Zoophysiology, Institute for Bioscience, Aarhus
       University, Aarhus, Denmark
       ORCID logo http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6854-044X
       ⨯
     * Hal Whitehead
       Affiliation Dept. of Biology, Dalhousie University, Halifax, Canada
       ⨯

Critical Decline of the Eastern Caribbean Sperm Whale Population

     * Shane Gero,
     * Hal Whitehead

   PLOS
   x
     * Published: October 5, 2016
     * https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019

     * Article
     * Authors
     * Metrics
     * Comments
     * Media Coverage

     * Reader Comments (0)
     * Media Coverage
     * Figures

Figures

   Table 1
   Fig 1
   Table 2
   Fig 2

Abstract

   Sperm whale (Physeter macrocephalus) populations were expected to
   rebuild following the end of commercial whaling. We document the
   decline of the population in the eastern Caribbean by tracing
   demographic changes of well-studied social units. We address hypotheses
   that, over a ten-year period of dedicated effort (2005–2015), unit
   size, numbers of calves and/or calving rates have each declined. Across
   16 units, the number of adults decreased in 12 units, increased in two,
   and showed no change in two. The number of adults per unit decreased at
   -0.195 individuals/yr (95% CI: -0.080 to -0.310; P = 0.001). The number
   of calves also declined, but the decline was not significant. This
   negative trend of -4.5% per year in unit size started in about 2010,
   with numbers being fairly stable until then. There are several natural
   and anthropogenic threats, but no well-substantiated cause for the
   decline.

   Citation: Gero S, Whitehead H (2016) Critical Decline of the Eastern
   Caribbean Sperm Whale Population. PLoS ONE 11(10): e0162019.
   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019

   Editor: Songhai Li, Institute of Deep-sea Science and Engineering,
   Chinese Academy of Sciences, CHINA

   Received: March 2, 2016; Accepted: August 16, 2016; Published: October
   5, 2016

   Copyright: © 2016 Gero, Whitehead. This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction
   in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

   Data Availability: The photoidentification data used in this study have
   been made available through the Figshare repository (DOI:
   10.6084/m9.figshare.3829617).

   Funding: SG received an FNU fellowship from the Danish Council for
   Independent Research, supplemented by a Sapere Aude Research Talent
   Award (http://ufm.dk/en/), Carlsberg Foundation Field Expedition Grant
   (http://www.carlsbergfondet.dk/?sc_lang=en), and Killam Trusts (CA). HW
   received operating and equipment grants from the Natural Sciences and
   Engineering Research Council of Canada (http://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/).
   The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis,
   decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.

   Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing
   interests exist.

Introduction

   When a well-defined existential threat is removed, we expect population
   recovery. Following the 1986 moratorium on commercial whaling, some
   populations of heavily-exploited species increased, but some did not
   [1]. Sperm whales (Physeter macrocephalus) were expected to increase
   [2], but there is little clear evidence for regrowth [3,4]. There are a
   range of current threats that may be affecting population growth rates
   [4]. Sperm whales have an especially low rate of increase [5], giving
   threats with quite small proximate impacts (on, say, feeding,
   reproduction or mortality) population-level salience, and also making
   the detection of population trends challenging. Thus their status is
   generally uncertain as very small rates of change (~±1–3% per year),
   which are extremely hard to identify using most cetacean population
   assessment methods, can be of major significance.

   The world’s best-studied sperm whale population is that which uses
   waters near the volcanic islands of the Lesser Antilles in the eastern
   Caribbean [6]. Their social [6–9] and vocal [10–14] behaviour has been
   characterised in detail and their population monitored at the
   individual level for over a decade [15–18]. Female and immature sperm
   whale live in social units that are matrilineally based and have
   largely stable membership, other than birth, death and dispersal of
   adolescent males [19,20]. Off the island of Dominica in the eastern
   Caribbean, members of 17 social units have been repeatedly
   photoidentified since 2005 [20], with many units being documented as
   far back as 1984 from opportunistic data collected off seven islands in
   the Lesser Antilles [across a linear distance of ~670 km, 17]. Although
   there are occasional encounters with less-known units [20], the
   presence of sperm whales off Dominica is dominated by units that are
   well known by the standards of cetacean demographic studies.

   This study was prompted first by observations in 2014 and 2015 that
   some of the well-known units were reduced in size; and secondly, by the
   conflicting results of our recent population study [9]. Mark-recapture
   analysis indicated a population increasing at +3.4% per year, and
   contrasted strongly with a parallel life history stage-based estimate
   of the projected rate of increase for the same population of −2.7% per
   year. We suggested that immigration from surrounding regions coupled
   with a high local mortality could explain this discrepancy, making the
   study area an effective attractive sink [15].

   Here, we address the hypotheses that, over the ten-year period of
   dedicated effort (2005–2015), the well-studied units have declined in
   membership, and that numbers of calves and/or calving rates have
   declined.

Methods

   Photo-identifications of sperm whale adults [21] and calves [20] were
   taken off the islands of the Lesser Antilles, particularly Dominica and
   Guadeloupe, between 2005 and 2012 as described by Gero et al. [20],
   with the addition of data from 2014 and 2015 which were collected using
   similar methods (S1 and S2 Tables). Mature males were excluded from
   analyses because they are not permanent members of any unit, and, being
   primarily based in high-latitude waters, are not part of the eastern
   Caribbean population itself.

   We allocated individuals to units as in [20], and then considered units
   only in those years in which there were a total of at least 30
   photoidentifications of members of the unit by the primary research
   group, and there was no ambiguity about whether individuals were adults
   or calves. The resultant data set (numbers of adults and calves in each
   unit each year) is as in Table 1. The probability that an individual in
   a unit with 7 members (mean unit size [20]) is identified in at least
   one of 30 identifications of the unit in a year is 0.99 [1-(1-1/7)^30],
   so that our estimates of unit size in the different years are extremely
   precise. Specifically, encounters off Dominica are almost always of a
   single unit of whales, such that there are only 7 individual whales in
   the surrounding kilometers. As such, during encounters each individual
   whale is generally identified at a minimum of every other surfacing
   (every two hours), if not every surfacing (each hour) [see 20]. As a
   result, for these well-studied units, membership is easily established
   for each year in which there was sufficient time spent with the unit.
   It is, therefore, very unlikely that members of units are missed in
   years with 30 or more identifications of the unit.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 1. Number of adults (plus calves) identified in each year for
   each social unit, where data were sufficient.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.t001

   For each unit in each year, we calculated four measures: number of
   adults, number of calves, total size (adults plus calves), and calf
   rate (the number of calves in the population relative to the number of
   adults, i.e. calves/adults). For each measure and each unit, we
   regressed the measure against year to give a trend estimate. The
   overall trend was estimated from a mixed effects model with the measure
   for a unit in a particular year being predicted by the continuous
   independent variable year for the slope and the random grouping
   variable unit for the intercept. The significance of the trend was
   measured in two ways, representing two rather different null
   hypotheses:
    1. there was no overall trend in the measure over time, using the
       significance of the trend parameter in the mixed effects model;
    2. units were as likely to have increased as decreased in the measure
       over time, using a sign test on the trends for the different units.

   Although the observations that generated this quantitative study were
   an apparent decline of unit size, we used two-sided tests as the
   hypothesis was developed during the same field observations that
   generated the photoidentification data, and two-sided tests are more
   conservative. As sperm whale reproduction has a broad seasonal
   component [22], we checked whether the mean (over units) of the
   difference between the number of calves, or the calf rate, observed in
   any year and the overall mean for that unit (the “*”‘s in Fig 1) was
   related to the Julian date of the midpoint of the field season (S1
   Table). There was no significant correlation of either mean residual
   number of calves, or mean residual calf rate, with the midpoint of the
   field season (P = 0.5502, P = 0.2713 respectively).
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 1. For number of adults, calves, total unit size and proportion of
   calves, the residual from the unit mean (over years) is plotted against
   the study year (dots).

   Also shown are the means for each year over units (star) and a
   regression through the residuals (line).

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.g001

   We estimated survival within these well-studied units using maximum
   likelihood (S5 Table). We also quantify the sighting trend of
   rarely-seen individuals and updated the overall mark-recapture analysis
   described in [15] to include 2014 and 2015 data (S4 and S5 Tables; S1
   Fig).

Ethical Statement

   Data collected in Dominica under scientific research permits: SCR
   013/05-02, RP-2/12 IW-1, RP-09/014 IW-1, RP-01/079W-2, RP-03/059W-4,
   P-122/4W-2, and P-40/2W-7. Field protocols were approved by the
   University Committee on Laboratory Animals of Dalhousie University.

Results

   There were 16 units with two or more reliable estimates of size in
   different years between 2005 and 2015 (range: 2–9 years). Of those, the
   number of adults decreased in 12 units, increased in 2 units, and
   showed no change in two (Table 2). Overall, the number of adults
   decreased at a rate of -0.195 individuals/yr (95% CI: -0.080 to
   -0.310). This trend and the sign test were both significant (P =
   0.0010, P = 0.0012 respectively). The number of calves also declined,
   but at a lower and less significant rate, while the total unit size
   showed a strong and significant decline (Table 2; Fig 1). The data also
   showed a decline in the proportion of calves over the study period, but
   this was not statistically significant (Table 2). These results were
   almost identical if only the 12 units identified with four or more
   reliable estimates of size in different years were included (S3 Table).
   If divided by the mean number of adults, calves or both we get
   percentage decreases of about -4.5% per year in the numbers of adults,
   calves and total population size. It is apparent in Fig 1 that these
   negative trends start in about 2010, with numbers being fairly stable
   until then. The overall mark-recapture analysis (S4 Table) generally
   supports this trend; however this method has less power to detect
   trends than our principal analysis (Table 2; Fig 1). This is because
   trends are much more apparent in the known membership of well-studied
   units than in the population as a whole, which includes the confounding
   influence of members of rarely-sighted units.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Table 2. Trends for each unit (from linear regression) and overall
   (from linear mixed effects model), together with the significance tests
   of overall trend and the sign test.

   Means over all years, overall percent trends, and 95% confidence
   intervals.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.t002

   Biannual maximum-likelihood estimates of survival (including dispersal
   of maturing males, and infrequent changes of unit membership) indicate
   high mortality in the middle years of the study, roughly 2008–2013 (Fig
   2). The perfect survival for 2014–2015 is based upon the 13 individuals
   identified in both 2014 and 2015 from 4 units, and no adults from these
   units being sighted in 2014 but not 2015.
   thumbnail
   Download:
     * PPT
       PowerPoint slide
     * PNG
       larger image
     * TIFF
       original image

   Fig 2. Maximum-likelihood estimates of survival rates for well-studied
   units off Dominica.

   Confidence intervals are from 1000 bootstrap replicate samples of
   units.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.g002

Discussion

   Our analyses indicate a population under threat, perhaps in crisis. The
   numbers of animals in well-studied units has shown a startling decline,
   seemingly caused by a substantial drop in survival starting in about
   2008. Reproductive rates also seem to be falling. If overall trends
   continue, by 2030 there will be very few animals left. Our earlier
   analyses [15] suggested that an influx of new whales was compensating
   for the demographic decline of the residents. But, off Dominica, the
   proportion of rarely-seen animals has also declined since about 2012
   (S1 Fig), indicating that this source of population rescue is drying
   up. It is unlikely that what we have documented is a reduction in
   abundance of whales in the study area off Dominica relative to those in
   the habitat of the population as a whole, e.g., [23]. Given general
   long-term stability of units [19,20], this could only have occurred if
   the sperm whales’ social structure broke down causing fission of
   virtually all of the units. Fission of units has only been observed
   once in over 30 years of research in the Pacific and never in the 11
   years off Dominica [19,20]; therefore it seems unlikely that fission of
   the vast majority of units studied here over such a short period of
   time is the mechanism driving this trend.

   An analysis of defecation rates—used as a proxy for feeding success in
   sperm whales—found no decline over the study period, and a generally
   higher rate than studies in other regions (S2 Fig). This strongly
   suggests that lack of food, which could be caused by environmental
   changes or a density-dependent response following population rebound,
   is not implicated. However, the Eastern Caribbean population is subject
   to a number of anthropogenic threats that have proven to be fatal for
   this or other cetacean species, including:
    1. 1). Ship Strikes: Collisions with ships can directly impact the
       viability of a species (e.g. North Atlantic right whales, Eubalaena
       glacialis [24]) or subpopulations of a species (e.g. sperm whales
       in the Mediterranean Sea [25]). This risk is particularly acute in
       the Caribbean where the vast majority of goods are imported and
       there are high levels of marine traffic surrounding islands.
       Additionally, inter-island transits by high speed (>25 knots)
       ferries are increasing. These have proven to be a significant
       source of mortality for sperm whales off the Canary Islands
       [26,27], a similar deep-water archipelago. The eastern Caribbean is
       among the most urban parts of sperm whale habitat, routes of
       high-speed ferries, cruise ships, and other shipping pass directly
       through the areas used by sperm whales off the islands.
    2. 2). Tourism: Traditional vessel-based whale watching has been a
       growth industry in the Caribbean since the early 1990’s and
       Dominica was an early leader [28]. In addition, since at least
       2008, several commercial swim-with-whales operations focused on
       sperm whales have rapidly expanded increasing both the pressure on
       the individual whales and the amount of time whales encounter
       vessels. Both of these industries remain poorly regulated in much
       of the eastern Caribbean.
    3. 3). Fishing: While the majority of fishing effort in the eastern
       Caribbean uses small-scale light gear, such as Fish Attraction
       Devices (FAD) and gillnets, entanglements have previously caused
       sperm whale fatalities [29]. There were two reported entanglements
       in 2015 involving sperm whales (C. Rinaldi, pers. comm. and S.
       Gero, unpublished). Detection rates for entangled cetaceans are
       low, perhaps 8–10% [30], and may well be less in the eastern
       Caribbean where search effort is low. Thus 20 or more sperm whale
       entanglements (not necessarily all fatal) may have occurred in the
       eastern Caribbean in 2015.
    4. 4). Research: The research required to document this decline by
       necessity increased the whales’ overall exposure to small vessels.
       However, our methods have predominantly been non-invasive, been
       consistent since the start of the project in 2005, and research
       vessels have been shown to cause less disturbance to the focal
       animals than whale watching vessels [31,32].
    5. 5). Pollutants: Both physical and chemical pollutants create
       increased mortality for cetaceans. Marine debris has been cited as
       among the principal threats to marine mammals in the Caribbean and
       ingestion can prove fatal for sperm whales [33]. Organochlorines
       commonly used in agriculture, such as chlordecon used in banana
       plantations, have been documented in coastal marine fish and
       lobster species in the Caribbean [34]. Analysis of sperm whale
       tissue biopsies for pollutants and heavy metals using existing
       sperm whale biopsy samples is currently underway.
    6. 6). Ocean Noise: Whales rely on their acoustic modality to
       communicate, navigate, and forage. Changes in their acoustic
       environment may have both chronic and acute impacts, including
       increased stress [35], masking of communication and echolocation
       [36,37], and other behavioural responses [38–40].

   There are also potential natural causes of the decline including:
    1. 7). Disease: Successful carcass recovery of pelagic cetaceans is
       very low (around 3% for sperm whales generally [41]). Without
       detailed analysis of carcasses or biopsy samples it is difficult to
       determine the impact of natural illnesses.
    2. 8). Predation: While the threat of predation from orcas (Orcinus
       orca) is thought to be higher in the Pacific [42], recent
       observations suggest predation occurs in the Gulf of Mexico [43],
       around the Caribbean [44], and off Dominica (S.Gero, unpublished
       data).

   Currently, none of these anthropogenic or natural causes can be ruled
   out; and the documented decline may be the result of a complex
   combination of threats. Unless the effects we document are the results
   of a temporary factor operating primarily during 2009–2014, or a
   statistically-unlikely burst of “natural” mortality during the same
   period, we expect the decline to continue in the absence of effective
   mitigation of ongoing threats.

Conclusions

   Detailed individual-identification data document a decline in the
   eastern Caribbean sperm whales. These animals form a small (<300
   adults; S4 Table) population that is largely isolated (no
   photoidentification matches with well-studied populations in the Gulf
   of Mexico, the Sargasso Sea, and the Bahamas [15,17]) and behaviourally
   distinctive, at least in vocal repertoire and rates of allosuckling
   [7,11]. If extirpated, this population cannot be replaced. The data
   presented here call for a regional assessment of this population by the
   International Union for Conservation of Nature, urgent assessment of
   likely causes for its decline, and mitigation measures to be put in
   place.

Supporting Information

S1 Fig. Sighting trend of rarely-seen animals.

   Number of individuals identified from often-seen social units (units
   identified with a good sighting record in four or more years during
   2005–2015), from occasionally-seen units (units identified with a good
   sighting record in two years during 2005–2015; there were no units
   identified in just three years), and rarely-seen animals (social unit
   identified in less than two years 2005–2015, or not assigned to units)
   in each year from 2005–2015. The number of days at sea by the dedicated
   research group in each year is given above each bar.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s001

   (DOCX)

S2 Fig. Defecation rates.

   Defecation rates (number of defecations at fluke-ups divided by number
   of fluke-ups observed) for years with more than 50 observations. Bars
   represent approximate 95% confidence intervals from binomial
   distribution.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s002

   (DOCX)

S1 Table. Field Effort.

   Field effort across years.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s003

   (DOCX)

S2 Table. Supplementary Data.

   Details of field projects contributing opportunistic data.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s004

   (DOCX)

S3 Table. Alternative methods and impacts on results.

   Trends in numbers of adults, calves, adults+calves and calves/adults
   for each unit for which we had reliable estimates in 4 or more years
   (from linear regression) and overall (from linear mixed effects model),
   together with results of two-sided tests of null hypotheses that the
   overall trend is zero, and that units were equally likely to increase
   as decrease in size during the study period (sign test). The final
   three lines give the mean value of each measure over all years and
   units with available data, the overall percent trend and 95% confidence
   intervals.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s005

   (DOCX)

S4 Table. Overall mark-recapture population trend.

   Mark-recapture models fit to identifications of adult sperm whales in
   the eastern Caribbean, 1984–2015 sorted by decreasing ΔAIC.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s006

   (DOCX)

S5 Table. Survival of well-studied units using maximum likelihood.

   Models of Survival in best-studied social units, 2005–2015.

   https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0162019.s007

   (DOCX)

Acknowledgments

   We thank Chief Fisheries Officer Mr. Sebastien and the Dominica
   Fisheries Division, as well as, our contributors for their
   opportunistic data and our local partners for logistical support while
   in Dominica. This manuscript emanates from The Dominica Sperm Whale
   Project: http://www.thespermwhaleproject.org Follow: @DomWhale

Author Contributions

    1. Conceptualization: SG HW.
    2. Data curation: SG.
    3. Formal analysis: HW.
    4. Funding acquisition: SG HW.
    5. Investigation: SG HW.
    6. Methodology: HW.
    7. Visualization: HW.
    8. Writing – original draft: SG HW.
    9. Writing – review & editing: SG HW.

References

    1. 1. Baker CS, Clapham PJ, Munn T. Marine Mammal Exploitation: Whales
       and Whaling Exploitation: Whales and Whaling. 2002;3: 446–450.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    2. 2. Whitehead H. Estimates of the current global population size and
       historical trajectory for sperm whales. Mar Ecol Ser. 2002;242:
       295–304.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    3. 3. Moore JE, Barlow JP. Improved abundance estimates and trend
       estimtates for sprem whales in the eastern North Pacific from
       Bayesian hierarchical modeling. Endanger Species Res. 2014;25:
       141–150.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    4. 4. Carroll G, Hedley S, Bannister J, Ensor P, Hardcourt R. No
       evidence for recovery in the population of sperm whale bulls off
       Western Australia, 30 years post-whaling. Endanger Species Res.
       2014;24: 33–43.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    5. 5. Chiquet RA, Ma B, Ackleh AS, Pal N, Sidorovskaia N. Demographic
       analysis of sperm whales using matrix population models. Ecol
       Modell. 2013;248: 71–79.
       doi:https://doi.org/http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2012.09.0
       23
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    6. 6. Gero S, Engelhaupt D, Rendell L, Whitehead H. Who Cares?
       Between-group variation in alloparental caregiving in sperm whales.
       Behav Ecol. 2009;20: 838–843.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    7. 7. Gero S, Engelhaupt D, Whitehead H. Heterogeneous social
       associations within a sperm whale, Physeter macrocephalus, unit
       reflect pairwise relatedness. Behav Ecol Sociobiol. 2008;63:
       143–151.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    8. 8. Gero S, Gordon JCD, Whitehead H. Individualized social
       preferences and long-term social fidelity between social units of
       sperm whales. Anim Behav. 2015;102: 15–23.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
    9. 9. Gero S, Whitehead H. Suckling behavior in sperm whale calves:
       observation and hypotheses. Mar Mammal Sci. 2007;23: 398–413.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   10. 10. Antunes R, Schulz T, Gero S, Whitehead H, Gordon JCD, Rendell
       L. Individually distinctive acoustic features in sperm whale codas.
       Anim Behav. 2011;81: 723–730.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   11. 11. Gero S, Whitehead H, Rendell L. Individual, unit and vocal clan
       level identity cues in sperm whale codas. R Soc Open Sci. The Royal
       Society; 2016;3: 150372. pmid:26909165
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   12. 12. Schulz TM, Whitehead H, Gero S, Rendell L. Individual vocal
       production in a sperm whale (Physeter macrocephalus) social unit.
       Mar Mammal Sci. 2011;27: 149–166.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   13. 13. Schulz TM, Whitehead H, Gero S, Rendell L. Overlapping and
       matching of codas in vocal interactions between sperm whales:
       insights into communication function. Anim Behav. 2008;76:
       1977–1988.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   14. 14. Gero S, Bøttcher A, Whitehead H, Madsen PT. Socially
       Segregated, Sympatric Sperm Whale Clans in the Atlantic Ocean. R
       Soc Open Sci. 2016;3: 160061. pmid:27429766
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   15. 15. Whitehead H, Gero S. Conflicting rates of increase in the sperm
       whale population of the eastern Caribbean: positive rates do not
       reflect a health population. Endanger Species Res. 2015;27:
       207–218.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   16. 16. Engelhaupt D, Hoelzel AR, Nicholson C, Frantzis A, Mesnick SL,
       Gero S, et al. Female philopatry in coastal basins and male
       dispersion across the North Atlantic in a highly mobile marine
       species, the sperm whale (Physeter macrocephalus). Mol Ecol.
       2009;18: 4193–4205. pmid:19769692
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   17. 17. Gero S, Gordon JCD, Carlson C, Evans P, Whitehead H. Population
       estimate and inter-island movement of sperm whales, Physeter
       macrocephalus, in the Eastern Caribbean. J Cetacean Res Manag.
       Report to the Scientific Committee of the International Whaling
       Commission; 2007;9: 143–150.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   18. 18. Whitehead H, Gero S. Using social structure to improve
       mortality estimates; an example with sperm whales. Methods Ecol
       Evol. 2013;5: 27–36.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   19. 19. Christal J, Whitehead H, Lettevall E. Sperm whale social units:
       variation and change. Can J Zool. 1998;76: 1431–1440.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   20. 20. Gero S, Milligan M, Rinaldi C, Francis P, Gordon JCD, Carlson
       C, et al. Behavior and social structure of the sperm whales of
       Dominica, West Indies. Mar Mammal Sci. 2014;30: 905–922.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   21. 21. Arnbom T. Individual identification of sperm whales. Rep to Int
       Whal Comm. 1987;37: 201–204.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   22. 22. Best PB, Canham PAS, MacLeod N. Patterns of reproduction in
       sperm whales, Physeter macrocephalus. Rep to Int Whal Comm (Special
       Issue). 1984;6: 51–79.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   23. 23. Bejder L, Samuels A, Whitehead H, Gales N, Mann J, Connor RC,
       et al. Decline in relative abundance of bottlenose dolphins
       (Tursiops sp.) exposed to long-term anthropogenic disturbance.
       Conserv Biol. 2006;20: 1791–1798. pmid:17181814
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   24. 24. Kraus SD, Brown MW, Caswell H, Clarke CW, Fujiwara M, Hamilton
       PK, et al. North Atlantic right whales in crisis. Science (80-).
       2005;309: 561–562. pmid:16040692
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   25. 25. Panigada S, Pesante G, Zanardelli M, Capoulade F, Gannier A,
       Weinrich MT. Ship strikes in the Mediterranean Sea: Assessment and
       identification of mitigation measures. Rep to Int Whal Comm IWC Sci
       Comm. 2009;SC/61/BC2.
   26. 26. Carrillo M, Ritter F. Increasing numbers of ship strikes in the
       Canary Islands: proposals for immediate action to reduce risk of
       vessel-whale collisions. J Cetacean Res Manag. 2010;11: 121–138.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   27. 27. Fais A, Lewis TP, Zitterbart DP, Álvarez O, Tejedor A, Aguilar
       Soto N. Abundance and Distribution of Sperm Whales in the Canary
       Islands: Can Sperm Whales in the Archipelago Sustain the Current
       Level of Ship-Strike Mortalities? PLoS One. Public Library of
       Science; 2016;11: e0150660. pmid:26999791
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   28. 28. Hoyt E, Hvenegaard GT. A review of whale-watching and whaling
       with applications for the Caribbean. Coast Manag. 2002;30: 381–399.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   29. 29. Vidal O, Van Waerebeek K, Findley LT. Cetaceans and Gillnet
       Fisheries in Mexico, Central America and the Wider Caribben: a
       priliminary review. Rep to Int Whal Comm Spec Issue. 1994;15:
       221–233.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   30. 30. Robbins J, Mattila DK. Estimating humpback whale (Megaptera
       novaeangliae) entanglement rates on the basis of scar evidence. Rep
       to Northeast Fish Sci Center, Natl Mar Fish Serv. 2004;
       43EANF030121.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   31. 31. Lusseau D. Male and female bottlenose dolphins Tursiops sp.
       have different strategies to avoid interactions with tour boats in
       Doubtful Sound, New Zealand. Mar Ecol Prog Ser. 2003;257: 267–274.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   32. 32. Constantine R, Brunton DH, Dennis T. Dolphin-watching tour
       boats change bottlenose dolphin (Tursiops truncatus) behaviour.
       Biol Conserv. 2004;117: 299–307.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   33. 33. Jacobsen JK, Massey L, Gulland FMD. Fatal ingestion of floating
       net debris by two sperm whales (Physeter macrocephalus). Mar Pollut
       Bull. 2010;60: 765–767. pmid:20381092
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   34. 34. Coat S, Bocquené G, Godard E. Contamination of some aquatic
       species with the organochlorine pesticide chlordecone in
       Martinique. Aquat Living Resour. EDP Sciences; 2006;19: 181–187.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   35. 35. Rolland RM, Parks SE, Hunt KE, Castellote M, Corkeron PJ,
       Nowacek DP, et al. Evidence that ship noise increases stress in
       right whales. Proc R Soc B. 2012;279: 2363–8. pmid:22319129
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   36. 36. Veirs S, Veirs V, Wood JD. Ship noise extends to frequencies
       used for echolocation by endangered killer whales. PeerJ. PeerJ
       Inc.; 2016;4: e1657. pmid:27004149
          + View Article
          + PubMed/NCBI
          + Google Scholar
   37. 37. Aguilar Soto N, Johnson M, Madsen PT, Tyack PL, Bocconcelli A,
       Fabrizio Borsani J. Does intense ship noise disrupt foraging in
       deep-divin Cuvier’s beaked whale (Ziphius cavirostris)? Mar Mammal
       Sci. Blackwell Publishing Inc; 2006;22: 690–699.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   38. 38. Weilgart LS. The impacts of anthropogenic ocean noise on
       cetaceans and implications for management. Can J Zool. NRC Research
       Press; 2007;85: 1091–1116.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   39. 39. Tyack PL. Implications for marine mammals of large-scale
       changes in the marine acoustic environment. J Mammal. The Oxford
       University Press; 2008;89: 549–558.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   40. 40. Nowacek DP, Thorne LH, Johnston DW, Tyack PL. Responses of
       cetaceans to anthropogenic noise. Mamm Rev. 2007;37: 81–115.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   41. 41. Williams R, Gero S, Bejder L, Calambokidis J, Kraus SD, Lusseau
       D, et al. Underestimating the damage: interpreting cetacean carcass
       recoveries in the context of the Deepwater Horizon/BP incident.
       Conserv Lett. Blackwell Publishing Inc; 2011;4: 228–233.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   42. 42. Whitehead H, Antunes R, Gero S, Wong SNP, Engelhaupt D, Rendell
       L. Multilevel societies of female sperm whales (Physeter
       macrocephalus) in the Atlantic and Pacific: Why are they so
       different? Int J Primatol. Springer Netherlands; 2012;33:
       1142–1164.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   43. 43. Whitt AD, Baran M a., Bryson M, Rendell LE. First Report of
       Killer Whales Harassing Sperm Whales in the Gulf of Mexico. Aquat
       Mamm. 2015;41: 252–255.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar
   44. 44. Bolaños-Jiménez J, Mignucci-Giannoni A a., Blumenthal J,
       Bogomolni A, Casas JJ, Henríquez A, et al. Distribution, feeding
       habits and morphology of killer whales Orcinus orca in the
       Caribbean Sea. Mamm Rev. 2014;44: 177–189.
          + View Article
          + Google Scholar

   Download PDF

     * Citation
     * XML

   Print
     * Print article
     * EzReprint

   Share
     * Reddit Reddit
     * Google+ Google+
     * Facebook Facebook
     * LinkedIn LinkedIn
     * Mendeley Mendeley
     * PubChase PubChase
     * Twitter Twitter
     * Email Email

     [CROSSMARK_BW_horizontal.svg]
   Advertisement

Subject Areas

   ?

   For more information about PLOS Subject Areas, click here.
   We want your feedback. Do these Subject Areas make sense for this
   article? Click the target next to the incorrect Subject Area and let us
   know. Thanks for your help!
     * Sperm whales
       Is the Subject Area "Sperm whales" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Caribbean
       Is the Subject Area "Caribbean" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Right whales
       Is the Subject Area "Right whales" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Dominica
       Is the Subject Area "Dominica" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Islands
       Is the Subject Area "Islands" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Defecation
       Is the Subject Area "Defecation" applicable to this article?
       (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Behavior
       Is the Subject Area "Behavior" applicable to this article? (BUTTON)
       Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.
     * Population dynamics
       Is the Subject Area "Population dynamics" applicable to this
       article? (BUTTON) Yes (flagno) No
       Thanks for your feedback.

Archived Tweets

   Load more
   View all tweets

     * Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

     * Home
     * Blogs
     * Collections
     * Give feedback
     * LOCKSS

     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries
     * Contact

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San
   Francisco, California, US
   PLOS
   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TP26BH

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MQQMGF

   PLOS Journals

Explore PLOS

   All PLOS content is free to access, distribute, reuse and remix

   [0bnvLttcR8M7eRvsBAt5B4K1HwDsIvPUIeAeBt9D+S4ABAHtyGtpP0PvGAAAAAElFTkSuQ
   mCC] [E4jjgEPIHAY4+AJxB47BHwBAKP4fh3AQYAxY9hofr7jXUAAAAASUVORK5CYII=]

   [JcAAK54YQfc3ciMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=]
   [5KEC9EOABM4FmCeCHCAf7ewbNEYiVRDvD39vcPEomVyBxAJpAgXpA5AEzgeYJ4IcIBaAKJ
   xEyiFpAgjghZQGICsbeAxARibwGJCcQQrwUYABN6pkzd73EOAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC]

   [fa7ueuZuqbaAIbA3Hi2xlQbQBD4y9x4tsY0GwAIzF3P2DUdAXPjWRw+CJiDwDOPgDkIPPM
   ImIPAMzj+W4ABANjHKPOR66VJAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC]
   [eAJ+QeAfnoBfEPgHHP+fAAMAA6uaDNhljbIAAAAASUVORK5CYII=]

   [a+1mSkckwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==]
   [8CJgLgQmJiYmJib+HvgDcSL594p9yBgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=]

   PLOS


     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Advertise
     * Media Inquiries

   Publications
     * PLOS Biology
     * PLOS Medicine
     * PLOS Computational Biology
     * PLOS Currents
     * PLOS Genetics
     * PLOS Pathogens
     * PLOS ONE
     * PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases

   plos.org

   Blogs

   Collections

   Send us feedback

   LOCKSS

   PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, and is based in
   San Francisco, California, US
