
   Subscription Notification
   We have noticed that there is an issue with your subscription billing
   details. Please update your billing details here
   Please update your billing information
   The subscription details associated with this account need to be
   updated. Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying
   your subscription.
   Your subscription will end shortly
   Please update your billing details here to continue enjoying your
   access to the most informative and considered journalism in the UK.

   We’ve updated our comments.Click here to see moreTap here to see
   moreTap here to see more
   Dismiss

Accessibility Links

   Skip to content

   times logo
   Tuesday November 19 2019

   Log inSubscribe

The Times & The Sunday Times Homepage

   times Masthead Tuesday November 19 2019 Midday Update

The ups and downs of Downing Street

   Get a broader perspective of the political landscape with 30 days’
   complimentary digital access.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

Know the score

   Follow every game and every goal with unlimited digital access for 30
   days.

   Start your free trial today.
   Start your free trial

From fashion to food

   Get inspiration and discover the latest trends with 30 days’ unlimited
   digital access.
   Start your free trial
   (BUTTON) The ups and downs of Downing Street (BUTTON) Know the score
   (BUTTON) From fashion to food

News

In the News

Rachel Sylvester

   Labour looks lost on the question of leadership

'It may be too late'

   David Attenborough on the planet and giving up red meat

Winter exercise

   How to not get ill or injured - and burn more calories

Eddie Jones

   My heartbreak at just missing out on Test cap

Labour plan to write off billions of student debt

   new

   Labour has opened the door to writing off billions of pounds of student
   loans as part of an overhaul of higher-education funding. The party has
   pledged to abolish student fees and bring back maintenance grants, and
   John McDonnell suggested today that the party could go further by
   writing off...Labour has opened the door to writing off billions of
   pounds of student loans as part of an overhaul of higher-education
   funding. The party has pledged to abolish student fees and bring back
   maintenance grants, and John McDonnell suggested today that the party
   could go further by writing off...Labour has opened the door to writing
   off billions of pounds of student loans as part of an overhaul of
   higher-education funding.
   Read the full story

   PRINCE ANDREW INTERVIEW

City backers abandon Prince Andrew

   The future of the Duke of York’s main charitable project was in
   jeopardy last night as sponsors cut their ties amid scrutiny of his
   friendship with the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. KPMG, the
   accountancy giant, said that it was withdrawing its support for Prince
   Andrew’s entrepreneurship scheme Pitch@Palace because of
   continued...The future of the Duke of York’s main charitable project
   was in jeopardy last night as sponsors cut their ties amid scrutiny of
   his friendship with the convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. KPMG,
   the accountancy giant, said that it was withdrawing its support for
   Prince Andrew’s entrepreneurship scheme Pitch@Palace because of
   continued...The future of the Duke of York’s main charitable project
   was in jeopardy last night as sponsors cut their ties amid scrutiny
   of...
   Read the full story

   Prince Andrew interview

Palaces attracted thousands but may not save project

   Not many people can resist the chance to nose around a palace. Perhaps
   that’s why nearly 80,000 budding entrepreneurs have applied for
   Pitch@Palace, the Duke of York’s business scheme, which has been
   supported by the great and good of business, including Ron Dennis, the
   former boss of the Formula One team...Not many people can resist the
   chance to nose around a palace. Perhaps that’s why nearly 80,000...Not
   many people can resist the chance to nose around a palace. Perhaps
   that’s why nearly 80,000...
   Read the full story

   HONG KONG PROTESTS | VIDEO

‘Instantly we were engulfed in tear gas’

   updated
   Some activists staged a daring escape by rappelling off a bridge to
   waiting motorcycles
   The Green Party’s co-leaders Jonathan Bartley and Sian Berry, right,
   and Amelia Womack, their deputy, launched their manifesto today at the
   London Wetland Centre

   ELECTION 2019

Greens promise £100bn to wage ‘war’ on climate change

   new

   ELECTION EXPLAINED

Green pledges past and present

   new
   A diamond necklace that was stolen from a home in north London last
   week

Burglars steal £2 million worth of jewellery while mother and children are
home

   new
   The Office for National Statistics said that the traditional threshold
   of old age should no longer be 65

Improving health means 70 is the new 65, statisticians say

   new
   Grace Millane’s body was found buried in a suitcase near Auckland

British backpacker liked rough sex, murder trial hears

   new
   Marie Kondo “resets” every day using a tuning fork and is never without
   a quartz crystal, says her sales website

Declutter queen cleans up by selling her knick-knacks

   Jo Swinson will not take part in tonight’s ITV debate after a legal
   challenge by the Lib Dems failed

   election 2019

Voters dislike Swinson the more they see her

   RED BOX | JULIE ETCHINGHAM

Rehearsals are over: time for Johnson and Corbyn to go head to head

   [background-4cad63d12b.png]

Fashion

   The best finds on the high street, what to wear to work and how to find
   a style that suits you, from The Times and The Sunday Times

   Explore Fashion
   A team of scientists believe that they have solved the issue of sticky
   faecal matter

Scientists are flushed with success

   Some traditional broths were found to impede the growth of malaria
   parasites

Homemade cabbage soups could help combat malaria

   Millions of Britons take statins to lower their cholesterol and prevent
   heart disease

Fears that statins can cause mental decline are unfounded, says study

   Statins can help to stave off memory loss in those who are at high risk
   of dementia, according to research that...Statins can help to stave off
   memory loss in those who are at high risk of dementia, according
   to...Statins can help to stave off memory loss in those who are at high
   risk of dementia, according to...
   Read the full story
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2F07e2f1ee-0a49-11ea-96a6-b8ef14675
   9ed.jpg?crop=393%2C393%2C876%2C3&resize=320]

   video

Oxford Union chief faces ousting motion over blind student dragged from seat

   Students have demanded that the president of the Oxford Union quit over
   its manhandling of a blind student. Ebenezer...Students have demanded
   that the president of the Oxford Union quit over its manhandling of
   a...Students have demanded that the president of the Oxford Union quit
   over its manhandling of a...
   Read the full story
   A woman’s father shot and killed her mother, possibly as a result of
   his Huntington’s disease, the High Court was told

Woman sues NHS for not revealing father’s disease

   Self-employed workers earn less on average and often work longer hours

Self-employment isn’t easy option, young workers told

   Matt Hancock will press ahead with the plan despite concerns it
   breaches purdah rules

NHS will pay tax bills to keep consultants working overtime

   analysis

Sticking-plaster solution won’t end pension problem

   Sajid Javid’s future had been in doubt after a row with the prime
   minister’s advisers

   election 2019

Johnson pledges chancellor can stay but leaves cabinet hanging

   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Fbd420a26-0a02-11ea-be0a-9205ce633
   777.jpg?crop=1080%2C720%2C100%2C0&resize=320]

   video

   ELECTION 2019

Health budget trumps corporate tax cuts

   election 2019 | political sketch

Captains of industry tick none of the above

   Robert Buckland, the justice secretary, has toughened proposals issued
   by No 10 in September

   ELECTION 2019

Child killers will get ‘whole-life’ sentences under Tories

   John McDonnell accused the Tories of allowing the “super rich” to buy
   access to “tax breaks and corporate giveaways”

   election 2019

Labour share plans ‘will hit pensions hard’

   Red Box | Matt Chorley

How to win a TV debate

   So everybody agrees: they are not really debates, they favour
   newcomers, they suck the life out of the real campaign. Oh, and nobody
   can win. It is just a case of who can not lose; who can not make a
   gaffe, look stilted...So everybody agrees: they are not really debates,
   they favour newcomers, they suck the life out of the real campaign. Oh,
   and nobody can win. It is just a case of who can not lose; who can not
   make a gaffe, look stilted...So everybody agrees: they are not really
   debates, they favour newcomers, they suck the life out of the real
   campaign.
   Read the full story

   election 2019

Canvassers told to make every knock count

   Earlier this year Holly Rigby led the charge to get Labour members to
   vote to abolish independent schools. For her next trick, the secondary
   school teacher is training activists in the art of holding “persuasive
   conversations”...Earlier this year Holly Rigby led the charge to get
   Labour members to vote to abolish independent schools. For her next
   trick, the secondary school teacher is training activists in the art of
   holding “persuasive conversations”...Earlier this year Holly Rigby led
   the charge to get Labour members to vote to abolish independent
   schools. For her...
   Read the full story
   Jennifer Arcuri has demanded an apology from Boris Johnson, with whom
   she says she had a “special relationship”

   ELECTION 2019

Arcuri: I’ve been loyal and Boris fed me to the wolves

   election 2019

Red Box election countdown: 23 days to go

Dr Mark Porter

   Prince Andrew can't sweat — normally it's the opposite
   TIMES2
   Dr Mark Porter

Robert Crampton

   My £134 train ticket didn’t get me a seat, so I sneaked into first
   TIMES2
   Robert Crampton

The Crown

   How accurate is it? We sort fact from fiction in the drama
   TIMES2
   The Crown

Daily quiz

   Iain Banks’s only non-fiction book is about which drink?
   TIMES2
   Daily quiz

Fighting cancer

   Expert Azra Raza's mission to spot the disease earlier
   TIMES2
   Fighting cancer
   Carey Mulligan visited Japan with her mother as part of My
   Grandparents’ War

Actress learns story of grandfather’s war

   Julian Assange is currently being held in Belmarsh prison due to fears
   that he may abscond if released

Assange lawyer complains jail computer is unfit to use

   Svenson Ong-a-Kwie, left, and Aaron Isaacs aimed to attack rival
   dealers

I’m still suffering, says Jodie Chesney’s boyfriend as killers are jailed

   Joseph McCann allegedly went to a drive-through at McDonald’s while his
   first victim was in his car

Screeches of kidnapped and raped girlfriend mistaken for an animal

   video

Little singers who are big in Japan

   At home they are a group of south London schoolboys who pass through
   life without attracting much attention beyond their family and friends.
   In Japan, however, the choirboys of Libera are treated like rock stars
   with fans queueing to obtain the...At home they are a group of south
   London schoolboys who pass through life without attracting much...At
   home they are a group of south London schoolboys who pass through life
   without attracting much...
   Read the full story
   We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
   South London choir tops classical chart in Japan
   The Young Men’s Magazine was one of five tiny books created by
   Charlotte Brontë

Miniature Brontë has echoes of Jane Eyre

   The research means ash woodlands should flourish again

DNA offers hope of beating ash disease

   Singletons searching for love on dating websites are put off by poor
   spelling, typos and informal diction

Bad grammar spells disaster for daters

   Good looks and charisma can help, but in the world of online dating,
   grammatical pedantry might be the ultimate turn-on.Good looks and
   charisma can help, but in the world of online dating, grammatical
   pedantry might...Good looks and charisma can help, but in the world of
   online dating, grammatical pedantry might...
   Read the full story

   THE TIMES DIARY

What a game admission

   It is a brave Tory candidate who says out loud that he wishes he had
   been compared to a German wartime leader at...It is a brave Tory
   candidate who says out loud that he wishes he had been compared to a
   German...It is a brave Tory candidate who says out loud that he wishes
   he had been compared to a German...
   Read the full story
   The lawyer Gloria Allred, right, spoke beside a woman known as Jane Doe
   15

   Prince Andrew interview

Prince ‘should have challenged Epstein on under-age girls’

   New questions have been raised about Prince Andrew’s judgment

   Prince Andrew interview

Duke is accused of using the n-word by former No 10 adviser

   The Duke of York’s chalet in Verbier, Switzerland

   PRINCE ANDREW INTERVIEW

Mystery of prince’s millionaire lifestyle on £249,000 a year

   Prince Andrew Interview

The unanswered questions

   The Duke of York and his private secretary Amanda Thirsk at the RHS
   Chelsea Flower Show earlier this year

   Prince Andrew Interview

Iron lady who could take the blame

   The Duke of York, who is the honorary chancellor at Huddersfield
   University, attending a graduation ceremony

   PRINCE ANDREW INTERVIEW

Students try to oust Andrew as their university chancellor

   Jeffrey Epstein flew between Little St James, his private island, and
   properties all around the world

   Prince Andrew interview

Mansions, jets and a tropical island for tycoon’s depravity

   Prince Andrew in 1986. He said that he had returned from the Falklands
   a man

   Prince Andrew interview

Ducking enemy fire in the Falklands was Andrew’s finest hour

   King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands receive about
   £35 million of state funds a year

   Prince Andrew interview

Europe’s monarchs display common touch

Undergraduates go back to school in search of advice

   Undergraduates are returning to their former schools for help and
   advice because of the lack of structure and support on most campuses,
   head teachers have said. Students have complained of a “disconnect”
   between schools, where...Undergraduates are returning to their former
   schools for help and advice because of the lack of structure and
   support on most campuses, head teachers have said. Students have
   complained of a “disconnect” between schools, where...Undergraduates
   are returning to their former schools for help and advice because of
   the lack of structure and support...
   Read the full story

Landlords ‘exploit’ students by keeping their deposits

   Students are losing thousands of pounds a year to landlords who refuse
   to hand back deposits, campaigners say. One in six students who rents
   from a private landlord either lost their deposit or had to fight to
   get it back, data...Students are losing thousands of pounds a year to
   landlords who refuse to hand back deposits, campaigners say. One in six
   students who rents from a private landlord either lost their deposit or
   had to fight to get it back, data...Students are losing thousands of
   pounds a year to landlords who refuse to hand back deposits,
   campaigners say. One in...
   Read the full story
   The Red Funnel vessel Red Falcon crashed into a 32ft yacht during her
   trip across the Solent

Solent ferry captain ‘didn’t realise he had struck boat’

   Campaigners against homelessness want landlords to foot the bill if
   they want to sell their property halfway through a tenancy

Call for ban on no-fault evictions to help fight against homelessness

Titians are reunited after four centuries

   Six paintings comprising one of history’s greatest series of artworks
   will be brought together for the first time in more than 400 years by
   the National Gallery. In what was described as a “miraculous” turn of
   events, the gallery confirmed that it...Six paintings comprising one of
   history’s greatest series of artworks will be brought together...Six
   paintings comprising one of history’s greatest series of artworks will
   be brought together...
   Read the full story
   Titian’s Perseus and Andromeda will be allowed to leave the Wallace
   Collection to be shown with other “poesie” works at the National
   Gallery
   Those on a dopamine fast can sit quietly, meditate, walk and gaze at
   the sky to rebalance their senses

Tech titans snub friends to avoid sensation overload

   The man had a severe allergic reaction to his new bedding that left him
   breathless

Feather bedclothes trigger ‘duvet lung’

   The hybrid Britten-Norman Islander aircraft will have an 840-mile range

Electric-powered passenger aircraft to launch by 2022

   Wind speeds had been falling for about 30 years from 1978, but this
   trend seems to have reversed

Rise in wind speed boosts renewables

News in pictures

   For more pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more
   pictures from The Times, follow us on InstagramFor more pictures from
   The Times, follow us on Instagram
   Read the full story
   Residents of Keswick woke to a cold and frosty morning with sub-zero
   temperatures yesterday. Today will be largely dry and sunny
   (BUTTON) Show more

Comment

Labour looks lost on the leadership question

   Rachel Sylvester

   As the televised debates begin it’s clear that while Labour’s policies
   appeal to many, Corbyn is an electoral turn-off

   MELANIE PHILLIPS

Will the real Her Majesty please stand up?

   HUGO RIFKIND

Corbyn an antisemite? No, says angry Hulk

   GILES COREN

Duke of York doughballs are so hard to swallow

   SARA TOR

Look out for the sucker punch in tonight’s debate

   IAN BIRRELL

British officers are doing China’s dirty work in Hong Kong

   With a sickening sense of inevitability, the peaceful pro-democracy
   movement in Hong Kong has ended up locked in violent clashes against
   police after confronting a ruthless dictatorship. The homemade
   catapults, crude barricades and flaming petrol...With a sickening sense
   of inevitability, the peaceful pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong
   has...With a sickening sense of inevitability, the peaceful
   pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong has...
   Read the full story
   times leaders logo

   Leading Articles

Taxing Business

   The election may not end the economic uncertainty but one thing is
   clear. The biggest threat to business is a Jeremy Corbyn-led
   Labour government

Minted Royals

   The British monarchy has a lot to learn from Europe’s kings and queens

Flush with Caution

   Billions of litres of water is squandered annually because of
   inefficient lavatories

   RED BOX | MATTHEW SMITH

Swinson is struggling to win friends and influence voters

   RED BOX | STEPHEN LYNCH

It’s far easier to lose a TV debate than to win one

   RED BOX | RICHARD SLOGGETT

Why both sides want to play political football with the NHS

   RED BOX | Sascha O’Sullivan

Aussie spinners need different pitch now they’re in a UK election

   LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

The duke, ‘that’ interview and trial by media

   Sir, All of your coverage of the Duke of York’s interview with Emily
   Maitlis (news and comment, Nov 18) implies that he was not telling the
   truth. You invite your readers therefore to conclude that the interview
   was a cynical exercise...Sir, All of your coverage of the Duke of
   York’s interview with Emily Maitlis (news and comment...Sir, All of
   your coverage of the Duke of York’s interview with Emily Maitlis (news
   and comment...
   Read the full story

Readers' poll

   Should Prince Andrew retire from public life?
   HAVE YOUR SAY
   Daily Universal Slice Masthead

Daily Universal Register

Briefing

   UK: Boris Johnson and Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour Party leader, take part
   in a live head-to-head debate on ITV ahead of the December 12 general
   election; the Labour Party sets out its animal welfare manifesto and
   John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, delivers a speech on the
   economy; full-year financial results from easyJet.

On this day

   In 1783 a sheep, duck and rooster were the first passengers in a
   hot-air balloon. Joseph-Michel and Jacques-Étienne Montgolfier’s
   experimental flight, which lasted eight minutes, was witnessed by King
   Louis XVI, who had suggested using prisoners for the experiment; in
   1850 Alfred, Lord Tennyson, became poet laureate in succession to
   Wordsworth. The position had been offered to Samuel Rogers, who
   declined; in 1906, while Italy struggled to cope after an eruption of
   Mount Vesuvius in April, London was selected to replace Rome as host
   city for the 1908 Olympics. A stadium was completed in ten months,
   known as White City; in 1969 Apollo 12 made the second landing by
   mankind on the surface of the moon, four months after Apollo 11. The
   crew consisted of Commander Charles Conrad, Lunar Module Pilot Alan
   Bean and Command Module Pilot Richard Gordon; in 1994 Britain’s first
   National Lottery draw took place, with seven jackpot winners getting
   about £800,000 each.
   Nature notes

Nature notes

   Oak trees are at last beginning to change colour. At first, little
   patches of leaves turn brown here and there on the long, spreading
   boughs, while the leaves around them stay dark green. Slowly these lose
   their green and join the others in colour, and eventually the whole
   tree is brown. These trees can look rather dull in poor light, but
   there is beauty in waiting. When the low sun shines on them at dusk, it
   elicits a softer, more attractive brown from the leaves, and the tree
   settles down into a sort of mellow repose before darkness falls. The
   trees may stay for a while at this stage. Wild cherry trees, which are
   a fine pyramidal shape, have been slow to change colour this year. Now
   they are turning yellow, but it will take a little longer before they
   achieve their dashing autumn reds. Horse chestnut trees are by now
   among the most bare and twiggy-looking of the trees.

   Derwent May
   (BUTTON) Show more
   Birthdays

Birthdays today

   Raymond Blanc, chef and owner, Le Manoir aux Quat’Saisons, 70; Eileen
   Collins, astronaut, the first woman to pilot a space shuttle mission
   (1995), 63; Andrew Copson, chief executive, British Humanist
   Association, 39; Susie Dent, lexicographer and etymologist, Countdown
   (since 1992), 55; Jack Dorsey, co-founder (2006) and chief executive,
   Twitter, 43; Adam Driver, actor, BlacKkKlansman (2018), 36; Lord
   (Charles) Falconer of Thoroton, shadow lord chancellor and justice
   secretary (2015-16), lord chancellor (2003-07), 68; Jodie Foster,
   actress, The Silence of the Lambs (1991), and director, Money Monster
   (2016), 57; Mette Frederiksen, prime minister of Denmark, 42; Lt-Gen
   Sir Andrew Gregory, controller, SSAFA, the armed forces charity, chief
   of defence personnel (2013-16), 62; Francis Habgood, QPM, chief
   constable, Thames Valley Police (2015-Mar 2019), 55; Douglas Henshall,
   actor, Shetland, 54; Charlie Kaufman, producer and screenwriter,
   Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004), 61; Larry King, US TV
   host, Larry King Live (1985-2010), 86; Calvin Klein, fashion designer,
   77; Allison Janney, actress, I, Tonya (2017; 2018 Oscar winner), 60;
   Dame Elisabeth Laing, High Court judge, 63; James Lindesay-Bethune,
   Earl of Lindsay, chairman, United Kingdom Accreditation Service, 64;
   Prof Sir Chris Llewellyn Smith, theoretical physicist,
   director-general, Cern (1994-98), 77; David Lloyd-Jones, conductor,
   founder and artistic director, Opera North (1978-90), 85; Mark Read,
   chief executive, advertising company WPP Group, 53; Meg Ryan, actress,
   When Harry Met Sally (1989), 58; Abdel-Fattah el-Sisi, president of
   Egypt, 65; Ted Turner, media mogul and philanthropist, founder of the
   Cable News Network (CNN), 81.
   (BUTTON) Show more
   (BUTTON) Show more

World

Stop and frisk was wrong, Bloomberg tells black voters

   Michael Bloomberg has apologised for his “stop and frisk” police policy
   that targeted ethnic minorities as he seeks support for a presidential
   run. Mr Bloomberg, 77, who is considering entering the crowded
   Democratic field, introduced the policy while mayor of New York to
   allow police to...Michael Bloomberg has apologised for his “stop and
   frisk” police policy that targeted ethnic minorities as he seeks
   support for a presidential run. Mr Bloomberg, 77, who is considering
   entering the crowded Democratic field, introduced the policy while
   mayor of New York to allow police to...Michael Bloomberg has apologised
   for his “stop and frisk” police policy that targeted ethnic minorities
   as he seeks support for...
   Read the full story

Two western hostages released in Taliban prisoner swap

   new

   The Taliban have released two western hostages in exchange for three
   militant commanders in a prisoner swap that raises hopes for peace
   talks. Kevin King, 63, a US citizen, and Timothy Weeks, 50, an
   Australian, were teachers at the American University in Kabul when they
   were seized in 2016 in the capital. Today, they were released to
   US...The Taliban have released two western hostages in exchange for
   three militant commanders in a prisoner swap that raises hopes for
   peace talks. Kevin King, 63, a US citizen, and Timothy Weeks, 50, an
   Australian, were teachers at the American University in Kabul when they
   were seized in 2016 in the capital. Today, they were released to
   US...The Taliban have released two western hostages in exchange for
   three militant commanders in a prisoner swap that raises hopes...
   Read the full story
   [methode%2Ftimes%2Fprod%2Fweb%2Fbin%2Feef8df94-0a62-11ea-96a6-b8ef14675
   9ed.jpg?crop=2561%2C1707%2C237%2C0&resize=320]

   video

US says Israeli settlements on West Bank ‘are not illegal’

   The US yesterday abandoned its longstanding position that Jewish
   settlements on the West Bank were “inconsistent with international law”
   in a boost for Israel that was condemned by the Palestinian leadership.
   Mike Pompeo, the secretary of state, said the declaration that reversed
   the US position established by...The US yesterday abandoned its
   longstanding position that Jewish settlements on the West Bank...The US
   yesterday abandoned its longstanding position that Jewish settlements
   on the West Bank...
   Read the full story

No more fruitless summits, says Kim Jong-un

   As the US called for further talks on nuclear weapons, Kim Jong-un
   posed with troops of the Air and Anti-aircraft Force
   Rohingya refugees in the Kutupalong refugee camp in Bangladesh — one of
   several in Cox’s Bazaar with an estimated combined population of more
   than 600,000

   WORLD AT FIVE

This isn’t Game of Thrones: the suffering is real

   Holger Friedrich informed on more than 20 people for offences such as
   complaining about the state’s heavy pollution or hinting that they
   might flee to West Berlin

Read all about it: newspaper owner revealed as Stasi informer

   The pro-democracy protesters wear masks to protect against pepper spray
   and tear gas and to avoid being identified

China furious as Hong Kong judges overturn mask ban

   China has denounced a judgment by a Hong Kong court in favour of
   democracy protesters, setting up a constitutional...China has denounced
   a judgment by a Hong Kong court in favour of democracy protesters,
   setting up...China has denounced a judgment by a Hong Kong court in
   favour of democracy protesters, setting up...
   Read the full story
   A police station was set on fire during a demonstration against a rise
   in petrol prices in the city of Isfahan on Sunday

Shia crescent feels the force of US sanctions

   Iran’s leaders warned yesterday of a harsh response to further protests
   as the Islamic Republic faced deepening...Iran’s leaders warned
   yesterday of a harsh response to further protests as the Islamic
   Republic...Iran’s leaders warned yesterday of a harsh response to
   further protests as the Islamic Republic...
   Read the full story

Deforestation rate in Amazon rises by a third

   An area of rainforest the size of Devon and Cornwall was destroyed in
   the Brazilian Amazon over the past year, the highest rate of loss in a
   decade, confirming a sharp rise under a populist president who wants to
   open up the area to commercial...An area of rainforest the size of
   Devon and Cornwall was destroyed in the Brazilian Amazon over...An area
   of rainforest the size of Devon and Cornwall was destroyed in the
   Brazilian Amazon over...
   Read the full story
   The equivalent of two football fields per minute are being cleared in
   the Brazilian Amazon
   Maria Vasilevich and President Lukashenko were filmed dancing at a new
   year’s ball in the Palace of Independence in Minsk

Belarus dictator’s beauty queen ‘wins’ seat in parliament

   The vessel went on display at the National Archaeological Museum in
   Athens yesterday

Ancient trophy returned to Greece

   A head of sales claimed he could get through dozens of Pastis a day as
   part of his work

Culture at drink company ‘turned sales rep alcoholic’

   The job seems enviable with get-togethers, festivities and an endless
   flow of free drinks if you like aniseed. But...The job seems enviable
   with get-togethers, festivities and an endless flow of free drinks if
   you...The job seems enviable with get-togethers, festivities and an
   endless flow of free drinks if you...
   Read the full story
   The wreaths carried a message that the Social Democrats did not intend

Foul-mouthed saboteurs make mark on war wreath

   A group of German city councillors has apologised after inadvertently
   laying a memorial wreath dedicated to the...A group of German city
   councillors has apologised after inadvertently laying a memorial
   wreath...A group of German city councillors has apologised after
   inadvertently laying a memorial wreath...
   Read the full story

Half-tonne college mascot is put out to grass

   The star attraction of the University of Colorado’s American football
   team is huge, dangerously strong and too fast for players to keep up
   with. After 12 seasons as the mascot of the Buffaloes, Ralphie V, half
   a tonne of prime bison, is being put...The star attraction of the
   University of Colorado’s American football team is huge,
   dangerously...The star attraction of the University of Colorado’s
   American football team is huge, dangerously...
   Read the full story
   Ralphie V has become more exuberant and unpredictable with age,
   prompting safety concerns
   (BUTTON) Show more

Business

TSB identifies errors that led to IT chaos

   new

   TSB’s disastrous attempt last year to move five million customers on to
   a new banking platform failed because of weakness in the system and
   insufficient preparation by management, according to a report. Two
   million customers were locked out of their accounts and exposed to
   fraud attacks as a...TSB’s disastrous attempt last year to move five
   million customers on to a new banking platform failed because of
   weakness in the system and insufficient preparation by management,
   according to a report. Two million customers were locked out of their
   accounts and exposed to fraud attacks as a...TSB’s disastrous attempt
   last year to move five million customers on to a new banking platform
   failed because of weakness in...
   Read the full story

EY partners take pay cut despite record revenues

   Partners at one of the Big Four accountancy firms are in line for a pay
   cut, despite its British business making record revenues as the
   profession braces itself for regulatory reform. The 702 partners at EY
   received an average of £679,000 in the year to the end of June, down 2
   per cent on the previous year’s pay of £693,000. The payout...Partners
   at one of the Big Four accountancy firms are in line for a pay cut,
   despite its British business making record revenues as the profession
   braces itself for regulatory reform. The 702 partners at EY received an
   average of £679,000 in the year to the end of June, down 2 per cent on
   the previous year’s pay of £693,000. The payout...Partners at one of
   the Big Four accountancy firms are in line for a pay cut, despite its
   British business making record...
   Read the full story
   Cobham’s technology is used to refuel most of the West’s fighter jets
   when they are airborne

Leadsom ready to clear Cobham takeover

   new

   The £4 billion takeover of Cobham, the UK defence company, by the
   American private equity group Advent was back on track today after the
   business minister Andrea Leadsom said that she was minded to clear the
   deal. Shares in Cobham were pushed up by almost 4 per cent to 160.6p
   this morning after the announcement from...The £4 billion takeover of
   Cobham, the UK defence company, by the American private equity
   group...The £4 billion takeover of Cobham, the UK defence company, by
   the American private equity group...
   Read the full story

Kylie Jenner sells stake in cosmetics firm to Coty

   Kylie Jenner founded Kylie Cosmetics four years ago, which is best
   known for its popular liquid lipstick and lip-liner set
   The airline hopes to attract more customers by offering package
   holidays

Easyjet optimistic as forward bookings take off

   The company’s losses widened from £5.4 million to £6.2 million

AO World abandons its Dutch business

   new

   business commentary

Poll is about Brexit, not pipe dreams

   What a missed opportunity. A speech from Jeremy Corbyn and no threat to
   nationalise any more industries. Surely he...What a missed opportunity.
   A speech from Jeremy Corbyn and no threat to nationalise any
   more...What a missed opportunity. A speech from Jeremy Corbyn and no
   threat to nationalise any more...
   Read the full story

   comment

Selling their great idea was never going to be the right move for estate
agents

   Estate agents will cheerfully moan about everything from stamp duty and
   parking wardens to fantasist buyers with no...Estate agents will
   cheerfully moan about everything from stamp duty and parking wardens
   to...Estate agents will cheerfully moan about everything from stamp
   duty and parking wardens to...
   Read the full story
   Jeremy Corbyn said a Labour government would offer training for
   school-leavers and workers considering a career change

   cbi conference

Corbyn makes pitch for business vote at CBI

   The tax penalises companies that need a presence in town centres

   cbi conference

Tory rates review fails to convince

   Dame Carolyn Fairbairn said progress on equality had gone backwards

   cbi conference

‘Mountain to climb’ for women chiefs

   Puretech Health has a 16 per cent stake in Karuna Therapeutics, whose
   new schizophrenia drug has received positive data for a phase two trial

   market update

Drug clearance gives Puretech a healthy boost

   new
   Dame Inga Beale left Lloyd’s after receiving abuse for promoting
   diversity

Lloyd’s urges employees to speak up over harassment

   Jamie Oliver founded his Jamie’s Italian chain of eateries with Gennaro
   Contaldo, his mentor

Oliver tries out a new recipe for restaurants

   comment

It’s not just politicians who have everything to play for at election time

   It’s not just politicians who have everything to play for in the
   election. Traders, if they get it right, could have...It’s not just
   politicians who have everything to play for in the election. Traders,
   if they get...It’s not just politicians who have everything to play for
   in the election. Traders, if they get...
   Read the full story

   morning briefing

Easyjet offsets carbon and offers package holidays

   Good morning: The budget airline Easyjet has described forward bookings
   for the first half of the 2020 financial year...Good morning: The
   budget airline Easyjet has described forward bookings for the first
   half of the...Good morning: The budget airline Easyjet has described
   forward bookings for the first half of the...
   Read the full story
   Consort makes drug delivery devices, such as nasal and injectable
   units, for pharmaceutical companies

Swedish suitor finds Consort ready for takeover

   Shares in the Madrid bourse jumped by 38 per cent yesterday after the
   proposal from Six Group

Swiss make their play for Madrid stock exchange

   First Group is one of Britain’s largest passenger transport companies

Tchenguiz pushes for break-up of First Group

   KPMG is ending its sponsorship of Prince Andrew’s charitable project
   Pitch@Palace

   Need to know

Your three-minute digest

Scrapping Singapore and China sale puts pressure on Aviva boss

   Aviva has abandoned plans to sell its Singapore and China operations,
   despite carrying out a strategic review that had been widely expected
   to lead to a $2.5 billion sale of the businesses. Shares in the British
   insurer fell by almost 20p, or 4.6...Aviva has abandoned plans to sell
   its Singapore and China operations, despite carrying out a...Aviva has
   abandoned plans to sell its Singapore and China operations, despite
   carrying out a...
   Read the full story
   Aviva is to keep its business in Singapore, which generated £140
   million in profit last year, and its joint venture in China
   The group sources and provides hospital throwaways and other healthcare
   equipment

Diploma passes the profit test with ease

   Boeing’s 737 Max has been grounded since March, after two crashes in
   which 346 people died

Aviation regulator to overhaul certification process in the US

   Sage’s deal with Elavon, selling its Pay business for £232 million,
   will lead to it quitting the online payments market

Sage decides to quit online payment race

   H&amp;T said it expects revenues from high-cost short-term unsecured
   lending to represent less than 4 per cent of its revenue this year

Pawnbroker H&T calls a halt to high-cost lending

   city people

The administrator that likes to tell it like it is

   The FCA said Stuart Forsyth had paid his wife a proportion of his own
   salary in compensation for providing out-of-hours administrative
   support and hospitality

Insurance boss banned over salary transfers to wife

   Donald Trump tweeted that he had had a “very good and cordial meeting”
   with Jerome Powell, Fed chairman, while Mr Powell reiterated that its
   decisions must be non-political

Trump truce in war with Fed chief

   Smartphones are wrapped at the end of the production line in Huawei's
   plant near Shenzhen, China. Huawei sells more telecoms equipment than
   any other company, with annual revenue topping $100 billion

Chips fall badly for British supplier IQE

   The Tokyo 2020 Games is the first of three in which the group will be
   an official partner

Olympics is prize deal for Airbnb

   Carol Kane, co-founder of the Manchester-based Boohoo. A total of 8,366
   loans have been issued to start-ups in the North West, the highest
   number outside of London

North West ‘is the most entrepreneurial region’

   tempus

Good environment to make money

   It’s tempting to assume that an investment vehicle offering exposure to
   environmentally sustainable projects or...It’s tempting to assume that
   an investment vehicle offering exposure to environmentally...It’s
   tempting to assume that an investment vehicle offering exposure to
   environmentally...
   Read the full story

   market report

Test result gives Puretech investors a welcome boost

   The difficulty in treating conditions such as schizophrenia is well
   known, so news involving a British-listed...The difficulty in treating
   conditions such as schizophrenia is well known, so news involving
   a...The difficulty in treating conditions such as schizophrenia is well
   known, so news involving a...
   Read the full story
   (BUTTON) Show more

Sport

   The Game Daily | Matt Dickinson

How a photo in the woods sparked our WAG fascination

   new

   England’s World Cup-winning captain gazes at the camera in black polo
   neck and grey slacks, as impeccably stylish as ever. There is a touch
   of Steve McQueen — one of Moore’s heroes — about him but it is Tina,
   his wife, who is unmistakably the star of this celebrated shoot. In
   Epping Forest, regaled in latex boots and an England shirt, leaving a
   sexy — and to some of the...England’s World Cup-winning captain gazes
   at the camera in black polo neck and grey slacks, as...England’s World
   Cup-winning captain gazes at the camera in black polo neck and grey
   slacks, as...
   Read the full story
   Sibley, right, and Burns are England’s latest opening pair after much
   change at the position

   Cricket | Mike Atherton

New-look England enter the unknown

   new

   There may be more consequential engagements this winter, with Tests in
   South Africa and Sri Lanka after Christmas...There may be more
   consequential engagements this winter, with Tests in South Africa and
   Sri Lanka after Christmas counting towards the World Test Championship
   unlike those here, but none may be as challenging. Second in the
   rankings and in the nascent WTC, a strong and stable New Zealand team
   begin this two-match...There may be more consequential engagements this
   winter, with Tests in South Africa and Sri Lanka after Christmas
   counting...
   Read the full story
   Nagelsmann has quickly made a name for himself in Germany

   premier league

Spurs eyeing Pochettino replacement

   Jones was a combative and mobile hooker in his days with Randwick,
   whose coach said that he carried the ball like a flanker

   Eddie Jones book extract

‘My heartbreak at just missing out on Test cap’

   Winks, right, is a better passer than Rice, left, but he could be
   exposed defensively in the No 6 role

   football | james gheerbrant

Winks the ‘budget Busquets’ could drop anchor as Rice struggles

   Make no mistake: England’s tally of 37 goals in eight qualifying games
   is vastly impressive. You can argue that they...Make no mistake:
   England’s tally of 37 goals in eight qualifying games is vastly
   impressive. You...Make no mistake: England’s tally of 37 goals in eight
   qualifying games is vastly impressive. You...
   Read the full story

   Rugby Union | Owen Slot

Could an even softer Jones win England a World Cup?

   In this modern world where we are encouraged to embrace our failures,
   Eddie Jones occupies pride of place. After all...In this modern world
   where we are encouraged to embrace our failures, Eddie Jones occupies
   pride...In this modern world where we are encouraged to embrace our
   failures, Eddie Jones occupies pride...
   Read the full story

   football | Henry Winter

Southgate lines up Qatar hotels in show of his belief

   With England, it always makes sense to expect the unexpected. They have
   lost their old fear, and even become good at penalties. Certainly, few
   would have predicted the scene in a Pristina bar in the early hours of
   yesterday where an England fan...With England, it always makes sense to
   expect the unexpected. They have lost their old fear, and...With
   England, it always makes sense to expect the unexpected. They have lost
   their old fear, and...
   Read the full story
   Kane, centre, now has 32 England goals, 21 behind the record held by
   Rooney. Do England have the best front line in Europe? See bottom of
   article
   Jones has fears that the likes of Farrell, left, will choose to play
   for Saracens rather than England during the Six Nations

   Rugby union

Jones fears top stars will turn down England to play for Saracens

   Tomori became the latest Chelsea player to make his England debut on
   Sunday

   football

How Abramovich laid groundwork for new-look England

   Jones has been reduced to tears three times during his coaching career

   Eddie Jones book extract

‘When rugby reduced me to tears’

   1. A bad run in my first season with the Brumbies
   I was plagued by uncertainty — both about my team and my capacity...1.
   A bad run in my first season with the Brumbies
   I was plagued by uncertainty — both about...1. A bad run in my first
   season with the Brumbies
   I was plagued by uncertainty — both about...
   Read the full story

   cricket | mike atherton

Quiet genius Williamson ready for homecoming — but don’t expect a fanfare

   Translated from the Maori, it means “peaceful waters”. Four miles from
   the Bay Oval, which becomes New Zealand’s...Translated from the Maori,
   it means “peaceful waters”. Four miles from the Bay Oval,
   which...Translated from the Maori, it means “peaceful waters”. Four
   miles from the Bay Oval, which...
   Read the full story
   Woodward outlined the plan in a conference call with United investors

   Football

United to target Club World Cup – by winning Europa League

   Neville has overseen a poor run of results with England since the World
   Cup

   women's football

FA backs Neville to lead England until 2021

   Doherty heads in the equaliser but Ireland could not find a winner

   Football

Late Doherty goal cannot save Ireland from play-off

   Bale has only two goals in this qualifying campaign but is keen to
   boost his tally in the final game against Hungary

   euro 2020 qualifying

Bale tells Wales to use World Cup anguish as motivation

The Game podcast

   Henry Winter looks back on England's dominant qualifying campaign
   LISTEN NOW

   Sports photography

Times Sport Unseen gallery: Our photographers share their best pictures

   Bradley writes: Marc and I had secured unique access to the tunnels of
   both Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur to cover the Merseyside derby and
   the north London derby on Sunday. Here, Liverpool’s Jade Bailey looks
   at the opposition as the teams line...Bradley writes: Marc and I had
   secured unique access to the tunnels of both Liverpool and...Bradley
   writes: Marc and I had secured unique access to the tunnels of both
   Liverpool and...
   Read the full story
   Burns opened the batting with Sibley, the debutant, while at Whitgift
   School

   cricket

Burns is ready to get back to grinding it out with old chum Sibley

   Cathcart, left, is in line to win his 50th cap against Germany tonight

   Football

Unrealistic to expect more of Northern Ireland, says O’Neill

   women's football | molly hudson

Third-choice referee’s error highlights problem of second-class officiating

   As this weekend shone a light on the women’s game, one of its obvious
   flaws was laid bare. Standards of play have...As this weekend shone a
   light on the women’s game, one of its obvious flaws was laid bare.As
   this weekend shone a light on the women’s game, one of its obvious
   flaws was laid bare.
   Read the full story

   Football | Paul Joyce

Southgate should do what Pep won’t do — pick Foden

   As Gareth Southgate raised the prospect of Phil Foden making a late bid
   to gatecrash England’s Euro 2020 squad, the...As Gareth Southgate
   raised the prospect of Phil Foden making a late bid to gatecrash
   England’s...As Gareth Southgate raised the prospect of Phil Foden
   making a late bid to gatecrash England’s...
   Read the full story
   Relations between Vettel, left and Leclerc have deteriorated and on
   Sunday the pair crashed into each other in Brazil, putting both cars
   out of the race, inset left

   Formula One

Ferrari summon drivers for crisis talks after crash

   The Spain team enter the court during the opening ceremony for the
   Davis Cup Finals

   Tennis

New-look Davis Cup gets off to chaotic start in Madrid

   Altior will attempt the two-mile-and-five-furlong trip for the first
   time

   Racing

Altior set difficult test to open National Hunt season

   Jason Watson can strike on board Bear Force One (2.20), who should
   relish a step up to a mile at Kempton Park

   Racing

Tipster of the Year: Rob Wright’s racing tips

   (BUTTON) Show more

Register

   obituary

Branko Lustig

   Holocaust survivor and Oscar-winning producer of Schindler’s List who
   in 1994 silenced Hollywood with his acceptance speech

   The Oscars ceremony in March 1994 was much like any other, with lots of
   backslapping, self-congratulation and bonhomie. Tom Hanks picked up the
   award for best actor for Philadelphia; Holly Hunter won best actress
   for The Piano; and Nick Park brought home the statuette for best short
   animation with The Wrong Trousers. As expected, Schindler’s List did
   best with...The Oscars ceremony in March 1994 was much like any other,
   with lots of backslapping...The Oscars ceremony in March 1994 was much
   like any other, with lots of backslapping...
   Read the full story
   Branko Lustig attending a Holocaust-related event in Zagreb in 2016
   The Marlboro Man figure was used in tobacco advertising campaigns until
   1999

   obituary

Robert Norris

   When the adman Leo Burnett saw a picture of the stetson-wearing John
   Wayne with a rancher friend he realised he had...When the adman Leo
   Burnett saw a picture of the stetson-wearing John Wayne with a rancher
   friend he realised he had found the Marlboro Man he was looking for —
   but it wasn’t the Hollywood star he was interested in, it was the
   friend, Robert Norris. Since 1955 the Marlboro-smoking cowboys had been
   used to persuade...When the adman Leo Burnett saw a picture of the
   stetson-wearing John Wayne with a rancher friend he realised he had
   found the...
   Read the full story
   Harold Reading, holding a flask, in Finnmark in 1968

   obituary

Harold Reading

   law report

Inventor entitled to share of profits derived from patent

   from the archive

The fox’s bill of fare

   court circular

November 18, 2019

   weather eye

Telling the time using a thundercloud

   If you want to tell the time using the weather, there is a spectacular
   phenomenon called Hector that appears as regular as clockwork off the
   tropical north coast of Australia at this time of the year. Hector is
   the name of a big beefy thundercloud...If you want to tell the time
   using the weather, there is a spectacular phenomenon called Hector...If
   you want to tell the time using the weather, there is a spectacular
   phenomenon called Hector...
   Read the full story
   A view of the Hector cloud forming over the Tiwi Islands (outlined), on
   November 15
   (BUTTON) Show more

Puzzles

Crossword Club

   Play now

Times Concise No 8126

   Play now

Times Quick Cryptic No 1486

   Play now

Times Cryptic No 27512

   Play now

Concise Quintagram No 537

   Play now

Cryptic Quintagram No 537

   Play now

Sudoku No 11132 Mild

   Play now

Sudoku No 11134 Super fiendish

   Play now

Sudoku No 11133 Difficult

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6876 Tough

   Play now

Killer Sudoku No 6875 Moderate

   Play now

Brain Trainer No 3041

   Play now

Cell Blocks No 3693

   Play now

Codeword No 3810

   Play now

Futoshiki No 3567

   Play now

Kakuro No 2526

   Play now

KenKen No 4802

   Play now

Lexica No 5053

   Play now

Lexica No 5054

   Play now

Polygon

   Play now

Set Square No 2529

   Play now

Suko No 2711

   Play now

Bridge

   Play now

Chess

   Play now
   (BUTTON) Show more

Puzzles Promo

Receive our Puzzles email bulletin every Saturday

   Includes competitions, the best from the week’s crosswords and quizzes,
   latest news and more
   Sign up

Times2

   The naturalist and broadcaster David Attenborough. “I can’t remember
   when I last ate red meat,” he says

David Attenborough: ‘The world is coming to its senses. It may be too late’

   The naturalist and broadcaster has warned us about the planet’s health
   for years. He explains why the message is finally getting through

   DR MARK PORTER

Can’t sweat? It’s usually the opposite problem

   Azra Raza: “We have been hacking at the branches and leaves long
   enough; we’ve got to go for the roots”

   health

My mission to spot cancer earlier

   The most exciting developments in the war on the disease include smart
   bras and high-tech toilets, the leading expert Azra Raza says
   Participants in a 2017 study used up to 34 per cent more calories when
   exercising in the cold

   HEALTH

How to exercise in winter — and not get ill or injured

   No one likes working out when the temperature plunges. For those who
   brave it, though, the benefits include burning off more calories. Just
   follow these rules

   robert crampton

I paid £134 for a single train ticket, didn’t get a seat, sneaked into
first . . .

   Ben Platt, Will Roland and Mike Faist in the Broadway production of
   Dear Evan Hansen at the Music Box Theatre

   Arts

The musical about teenage suicide that became a Broadway smash

   The royal family, including the Queen Mother, Queen Elizabeth II and
   Princess Anne, at the Epsom Derby in 1969

   television

Episode guide — how accurate is The Crown? We sort fact from fiction

   updated
   James Lee Burke at his typewriter in the mid-1990s. Now 82, he is one
   of the giants of American literature

   BOOKS OF THE YEAR

Books of the year 2019: crime fiction

   new
   Philip Kerr’s final Bernie Gunther adventure is our thriller of the
   year

   BOOKS OF THE YEAR

Books of the year 2019: thrillers

   new

   FIRST NIGHT | VISUAL ART

Dora Maar — overlooked French artist finally comes out of Picasso’s shadow

   new

   ★★★★☆
   It’s possible that our art institutions will eventually run out of
   brilliant women who have been cruelly but predictably overlooked, but I
   wouldn’t bet on it happening soon. Next up, at Tate Modern, is Dora
   Maar, best known, regrettably...★★★★☆
   It’s possible that our art institutions will eventually run out of
   brilliant women who...★★★★☆
   It’s possible that our art institutions will eventually run out of
   brilliant women who...
   Read the full story
   Left: Untitled (Hand-Shell), 1934, by Dora Maar. Right: The
   Conversation, 1937, by Dora Maar
   Romare Bearden’s 1977 collage The Siren’s Song is among the works both
   modern and ancient on show

   First night | Exhibition

Troy: Myth and Reality — Museum’s odyssey has a timeless appeal

   Charlie Wheeller spins around the stage in a 6ft hula hoop — or Cyr
   wheel — in La Clique’s show

   FIRST NIGHT | CABARET

La Clique — this alternative cabaret show is edgy, slick and quick

   Juliet Fraser and members of the Sonar Quartett perform works by Naomi
   Pinnock and Heinz Holliger

   first night | concert

Riot Ensemble/ Sonar Quartett — a pick of the wild and exploratory

   Riot Ensemble
   ★★☆☆☆
   Sonar Quartett
   ★★★★☆ Anyone tired of conventional instruments conventionally played
   should rush...Riot Ensemble
   ★★☆☆☆
   Sonar Quartett
   ★★★★☆ Anyone tired of conventional instruments...Riot Ensemble
   ★★☆☆☆
   Sonar Quartett
   ★★★★☆ Anyone tired of conventional instruments...
   Read the full story
   Hannah Azuonye, Tom Dawze and Melody Brown in Gregory Doran’s
   production of Measure for Measure

   first night | theatre

Measure for Measure — a solid, rather than spectacular, performance

   ★★★★☆
   There could hardly be a better moment to stage Shakespeare’s stew of
   hypocrisy, abuse of power and...★★★★☆
   There could hardly be a better moment to stage Shakespeare’s stew of
   hypocrisy, abuse...★★★★☆
   There could hardly be a better moment to stage Shakespeare’s stew of
   hypocrisy, abuse...
   Read the full story

Best Law Firms 2020

   Top 240 legal practices in Britain, as chosen by lawyers — in
   co-operation with Statista
   Explore

   TELEVISION

The Crown — Colman blows hot and cold as Her Majesty

   TELEVISION

Vienna Blood — A Freudian Sherlock, but far more elementary

   Greg Davies Dai Bradley, who played Billy Casper in Kes

   viewing guide

What’s on TV tonight

   Q15. Who is this Welsh actress?

   MindGames

The Times Daily Quiz

What's on TV

   Click here for our interactive listings
   TIMES2

   video

   THE TIMES FILM SHOW

Le Mans ’66 video review — Top Gear goes Hollywood

   Watch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week Kevin Maher
   and Ed Potton give their verdicts on Le Mans ’66. See the Times+
   website for details of our year-round offer of 2-for-1 Odeon cinema
   ticketsWatch our critics discuss the big new releases. This week Kevin
   Maher and Ed Potton give their...Watch our critics discuss the big new
   releases. This week Kevin Maher and Ed Potton give their...
   Read the full story
   We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
   ‘I don’t want to lie on my deathbed thinking, “God, we didn’t fix it”’

‘I saw what is happening to the Amazon and couldn’t stop crying’

   Emily Maitlis interviews Prince Andrew at Buckingham Palace

   PRINCE ANDREW INTERVIEW

Emily Maitlis: My interview with Prince Andrew

   exclusive
   Yoga will eventually improve your flexibility, but you need to do it
   frequently to make a difference

   health

Three ways to get more flexible

   Madonna has posted videos of herself having ice baths on Instagram

   the lowdown

Madonna’s bath

   (BUTTON) Show more

Scotland

SNP could get mandate for indyref2, says Scottish secretary

   new

   Boris Johnson’s top minister in Scotland has contradicted his leader by
   insisting the SNP can achieve a “democratic mandate” for a second
   independence referendum in 2021. Alister Jack, the Scottish secretary,
   put himself at odds with the prime minister’s oft-repeated position
   which rules out...Boris Johnson’s top minister in Scotland has
   contradicted his leader by insisting the SNP can achieve a “democratic
   mandate” for a second independence referendum in 2021. Alister Jack,
   the Scottish secretary, put himself at odds with the prime minister’s
   oft-repeated position which rules out...Boris Johnson’s top minister in
   Scotland has contradicted his leader by insisting the SNP can achieve a
   “democratic mandate”...
   Read the full story

Health board sorry for distress over child deaths

   A health board has apologised for the distress caused to parents after
   the deaths of two children at a hospital embroiled in scandal. A
   spokesman for NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde [NHSGGC] said it was “truly
   sorry” and emphasised that the incidents were being taken “extremely
   seriously”. Jeane Freeman, the health secretary, had expressed...A
   health board has apologised for the distress caused to parents after
   the deaths of two children at a hospital embroiled in scandal. A
   spokesman for NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde [NHSGGC] said it was “truly
   sorry” and emphasised that the incidents were being taken “extremely
   seriously”. Jeane Freeman, the health secretary, had expressed...A
   health board has apologised for the distress caused to parents after
   the deaths of two children at a hospital embroiled in...
   Read the full story
   Staff in Scotland can ask for employer pension contributions paid in
   their basic salary on a temporary basis

NHS will help doctors with tax bills to beat winter crisis

   Doctors will get government help with their tax bills in an effort to
   prevent unfilled shifts from plunging hospitals into a winter crisis.
   Ministers on both sides of the border are aiming to stop experienced
   staff facing extra liabilities as a result of new UK-wide pension
   rules. Matt Hancock, the health secretary...Doctors will get government
   help with their tax bills in an effort to prevent unfilled
   shifts...Doctors will get government help with their tax bills in an
   effort to prevent unfilled shifts...
   Read the full story

Threatened Black Watch soldier has unlikely ally

   Students and staff at Wits University in South Africa are proud of
   their statue
   The Royal Conservatoire of Scotland says students and staff are
   encouraged to treat each other with respect

‘Sensitive students stifling free speech at academy’

   Experts said that only “providence” had prevented a potential disaster

Drone flies over passenger jet at 7,000ft

   Richard Leonard said the party would respect the will of the Scottish
   people

Labour open to new vote on independence, says Leonard

   The children’s ward at St John’s Hospital in Livingston may not run
   full services for up to five years

Staff shortages mean ward faces long wait to fully open

University fined over lab health risks

   The University of Edinburgh has been fined £10,000 for exposing
   laboratory staff to dangerous substances. It pleaded guilty at
   Edinburgh Sheriff Court to breaching safety requirements. The
   university’s failings left two animal research workers...The University
   of Edinburgh has been fined £10,000 for exposing laboratory staff to
   dangerous...The University of Edinburgh has been fined £10,000 for
   exposing laboratory staff to dangerous...
   Read the full story
   Two members of staff at the university were put at risk by being
   exposed

Children to record their evidence before trials

   Child witnesses will be able to give their evidence on a video recorded
   before the trial from early in the new year. Being able to record
   testimony on video will spare those under the age of 18 the “trauma of
   giving evidence...Child witnesses will be able to give their evidence
   on a video recorded before the trial from early in the new year. Being
   able to record testimony on video will spare those under the age of 18
   the “trauma of giving evidence...Child witnesses will be able to give
   their evidence on a video recorded before the trial from early in the
   new year.
   Read the full story

SNP tweet ‘unreliable’ youth job figures

   The Scottish Conservatives have criticised the Holyrood government’s
   use of “misleading” statistics on Twitter. Donald Cameron, the Tory
   MSP, has written to Leslie Evans, permanent secretary and policy
   adviser to Nicola...The Scottish Conservatives have criticised the
   Holyrood government’s use of “misleading” statistics on Twitter. Donald
   Cameron, the Tory MSP, has written to Leslie Evans, permanent secretary
   and policy adviser to Nicola...The Scottish Conservatives have
   criticised the Holyrood government’s use of “misleading” statistics on
   Twitter.
   Read the full story

   comment

Will history look kindly on the Sturgeon era?

   notebook

Conflicted by the trans debate, but I’m listening

   New warehouses will be built at the Benromach distillery near Forres,
   in Morayshire

   business

Speymalt enjoys spirited growth after Asians buy whisky galore

   Chelsea Bruce, 16, died after taking Ecstasy that had been sold to her
   friends

Teenage girls’ deaths linked to drug dealer

   comment

‘Old media’ can win battle for truth in election campaign

   Lady Glasgow surrendered her career to help look after Kelburn Castle
   in Ayrshire

   Obituary

Isabel Glasgow

   football

Clarke craves stability at the back to move forward

   Say this much about Scotland’s back four: it didn’t waste any time
   announcing itself as the Achilles heel in the attempt to claim a
   guaranteed place at Euro 2020. The campaign was six minutes old when
   the first goal was conceded in game one away...Say this much about
   Scotland’s back four: it didn’t waste any time announcing itself as
   the...Say this much about Scotland’s back four: it didn’t waste any
   time announcing itself as the...
   Read the full story
   McKenna played in the win over Cyprus and keeps his place for
   Kazakhstan tonight
   Clarke said his time at Kilmarnock showed he would not shirk away from
   confrontation

   football

Clarke vows to fight clubs for Scotland players

   Ross is unveiled at Easter Road where he will take on Motherwell on
   Saturday

   football

Ross happy to leave the TV crew in Sunderland

   Morelos, right, was a raw talent when he arrived compared to Defoe

   football

Defoe key to Morelos improvement, says Miller

   Marshall has 33 caps but has been on the winning side just ten times
   for Scotland

   football

I never thought Scotland career was over, says Marshall

   (BUTTON) Show more

Ireland

‘Dublin Jimmy’ died of ‘cardiac event’ after arrest

   A convicted criminal considered a key suspect in the kidnapping and
   torture of a Northern Ireland businessman died from a suspected
   “cardiac event” after being handcuffed during his arrest, an inquest
   was told. Cyril McGuinness, known as “Dublin Jimmy”, was seen to smoke
   three cigarettes and...A convicted criminal considered a key suspect in
   the kidnapping and torture of a Northern Ireland businessman died from
   a suspected “cardiac event” after being handcuffed during his arrest,
   an inquest was told. Cyril McGuinness, known as “Dublin Jimmy”, was
   seen to smoke three cigarettes and...A convicted criminal considered a
   key suspect in the kidnapping and torture of a Northern Ireland
   businessman died from a...
   Read the full story

Charity’s transparency fears over sugar lobby

   Three government departments that held meetings with a lobby group over
   the implementation of the sugar tax returned no documents about them in
   response to a freedom of information request, the Irish Heart
   Foundation has said. Ibec’s Irish Beverage Council held several
   meetings in 2017 with special advisers and government officials to
   lobby...Three government departments that held meetings with a lobby
   group over the implementation of the sugar tax returned no documents
   about them in response to a freedom of information request, the Irish
   Heart Foundation has said. Ibec’s Irish Beverage Council held several
   meetings in 2017 with special advisers and government officials to
   lobby...Three government departments that held meetings with a lobby
   group over the implementation of the sugar tax returned no...
   Read the full story
   A Killarney National Park ranger says culling is the only way to keep
   the deer at a sustainable level as it no longer has any natural
   predators

Park rangers kill nearly 300 deer as population rises

   More than 270 deer were killed by park rangers at a Kerry beauty spot
   during last year’s hunting season. The culture and heritage minister
   said the animals were culled in order to control the population at
   Killarney National Park which had increased in recent years. In
   response to a parliamentary question, Josepha...More than 270 deer were
   killed by park rangers at a Kerry beauty spot during last year’s
   hunting...More than 270 deer were killed by park rangers at a Kerry
   beauty spot during last year’s hunting...
   Read the full story

Ireland face agony of 2020 play-offs

   The Republic of Ireland were aggressive against Denmark in Dublin last
   night but could only hold them to a draw
   The murder, in Sligo, has been the subject of three trials

Musician’s murderer convicted at third trial

   A union argues that the two-tier pay system introduced in 2011
   discriminates against younger teachers

Teachers will strike over ‘pay discrimination’

   More than 150 young people were selected to take part in national
   broadcaster’s climate change debate

RTÉ targets youth with Snapchat ads

   Verona Murphy, who is standing in the Wexford by-election apologised
   last night for her ‘poor understanding of asylum issues’

Fine Gael candidate’s Isis migrants claim ‘has no basis in fact’

Man who survived car plunge off pier comforts victim’s family

   A man who escaped from the sinking wreckage of a car in which another
   young man drowned off Co Donegal has told the victim’s family of his
   last moments. Lee Early, 26, died when his car slid off Poolawaddy Pier
   on Arranmore island into freezing...A man who escaped from the sinking
   wreckage of a car in which another young man drowned off Co...A man who
   escaped from the sinking wreckage of a car in which another young man
   drowned off Co...
   Read the full story
   The Arranmore ferry has returned the body of Lee Early to the island
   for his funeral. Another man escaped the submerged car and swam to
   shore
   (BUTTON) Show more

   Back to top

   times Masthead

Get in touch

     * About us
     * Contact us
     * Help
     * The Times Editorial Complaints
     * The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
     * Place an announcement
     * Classified advertising
     * Display advertising
     * The Times corrections
     * The Sunday Times corrections
     * Careers

More from The Times and The Sunday Times

     * The Times e-paper
     * The Sunday Times e-paper
     * Times Currency Services
     * The Sunday Times Wine Club
     * Times Print Gallery
     * The Times Archive
     * Times Crossword Club
     * Sunday Times Driving
     * Times+
     * The Sunday Times Rich List
     * Times Expert Traveller
     * Good University Guide
     * Schools Guide
     * Newsletters
     * Best Places to Live
     * Best Places to Stay
     * Sportswomen of the Year Awards
     * Times Appointments
     * Podcasts

   © Times Newspapers Limited 2019.

   Registered in England No. 894646.

   Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.
     * Privacy & cookie policy
     * Licensing
     * Cookie settings
     * Site map
     * Topics
     * Commissioning terms
     * Terms and conditions

   IPSO logo
